0) 18) dialog: (gently. wrestling Tommy away from the bar) Come on, relax. He's drunk. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
0) 20) dialog: He's been locked up for six years.
0) 22) dialog: Tommy. He doesn't mean anything. Forget about it.
0) 24) dialog: Tommy. Come on. Relax.
0) 26) dialog: {rejoining James and Billy Batts at the bar) . Batts. I'm sorry. Tommy gets loaded. He doesn't mean any disrespect.
0) 35) dialog: approaching Tommy who is carrying a large folded package under one arm. Tommy, followed by Henry, walks over to the bar where James and Bill Batts are talking. Tommy drops the package on the floor. Billy Batts looks up. James turns around and sees that Tommy has a gun in his hand. James immediately grabs Batts's arms and we see Tommy smash the gun into the side of Batts's head. We see Tommy hit Batts again and again as James continues to hold Batts's arms.
0) 38) dialog: locking the door.
0) 42) dialog: What are we going to do with him? We can't dump him in the street.
1) 0) text: Darkness. The open trunk of Henry's car. The mattress cover is being shoved into the trunk by the three men. It is heavy work.
1) 1) dialog: Batts's made. His whole crew is going to be looking for him. This is fucking bad.
3) 0) text: Finally on their way, Henry is driving. James, in the passenger's seat, and Tommy, in the rear seat, embracing the shovel, are dozing off. The sleepy HUMMING sound of WHEELS is suddenly interrupted by a THUMPING sound. At first, Henry thinks he has a flat, but the THUMPING is too irregular. James awakens. His eyes are on Henry. Tommy leans forward from the rear seat. Silence. THUMP! Silence.
4) 0) text: Car pulls off the road onto the grass. Henry, James and Tommy, still holding the shovel, get cut of the car.
4) 2) text: Henry opens the trunk and steps back. In the trunk light we see the mattress cover squirming around. We hear MUFFLED GROANS.
4) 5) dialog: As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.
4) 8) dialog: looking out his bedroom window.
4) 10) dialog: To me, being a gangster was better than being President of the United States.
4) 13) dialog: Even before I first wandered into the cabstand for an-after-school job, I knew I wanted to be a part of them. It was there I belonged.
4) 15) dialog: To me it meant being somebody in a neighborhood full of nobodies. On the sidewalk we see the two hoods who just got out of the car hug and playfully shove TUDDY VARIO, the sloppily-dressed, solidly-built hood who runs the cabstand.
4) 16) dialog: They weren't like anyone else. They did whatever they wanted. They'd double-park in front of the hydrant and nobody ever gave them a ticket. In the summer when they played cards all night, nobody ever called the cops. We see Tuddy laughingly try to push them away.
4) 17) dialog: Tuddy Vario ran the cabstand and a pizzeria and a few other places for his brother, Paul, who was the boss over everybody in the neighborhood. We see a laughing hood #1 slyly slip behind. Tuddy and grab him around the neck, while hood #2 starts feigning punches to Tuddy's ample midsection. (CONTINUED)
4) 19) dialog: Paulie might have moved slow, but it was only because he didn't have to move for anybody. Tuddy and the hoods immediately stop horsing around. TITLES CONTINUE.
5) 0) text: CARMELLA HILL, Henry's mother, shoves his books under his arm and pushes him into the hallway. We see Henry's two brothers putting on their jackets and picking up their books and almost tripping over another brother's, MICHAEL, wheelchair. We catch a glimpse of two sisters eating breakfast. We see Henry's construction worker father sipping coffee in kitchen before going to work.
5) 1) dialog: At first, my parents loved that I found a job across the street. My father, who was Irish, was sent to work at the age of eleven, and he liked that I got myself a job. He always said American kids were spoiled lazy.
5) 3) dialog: And my mother was happy after she found out that the Ciceros came from the same part of Sicily as she did. To my mother, it was the answer to her prayers. We see Henry's mother shove him out the door with his school books.
6) 0) text: Carmella, in doorway, watches Henry go down the block toward school. (CONTINUED)
6) 3) dialog: I was the luckiest kid in the world. EXT. CABSTAND - DAY to 9 We see Henry leap into the air to catch a set of car keys.
6) 4) dialog: I could go anywhere. EXT. CABSTAND PARKING LOT - DAY ‘ 10 We see Henry, who can hardly see over the, dashboard, jockeying a mobster's Caddy around the cabstand parking lot. We see other kids, Henry's age, watching Henry, in awe, from behind a fence.
6) 5) dialog: I could do anything. INT. CABSTAND BACKROOM - DAY . iL We see Henry watching two uniformed cops laughing with Tuddy. and some hoods while stuffing whiskey bottles under their tunics.
6) 6) dialog: I knew everybody and everybody Knew me.
7) 0) text: We see Henry trying to sip hot espresso coffee just like the big guys, except we see Henry grimace because. the coffee is too het and far too bitter.
7) 1) dialog: But it wasn't too long before my parents changed their minds. For them, the cabstand was supposed to be a part-time job, but for me, it was full-time. cuT TO: 13 14 15 11.
8) 0) text: Tuddy is folding and placing long sheets with policy bets into a brown paper bag. In the b.g., we see hoods going through boxes of stolen orange and blue cardigan sweaters Henry waits at Tuddy's side until Tuddy finishes making a notation on a slip of paper. Tuddy holds the paper bag in his hands and...
9) 0) text: We see Henry running out the cabstand door carrying the paper bag. He runs past half a dozen hoods, lounging outside on wooden chairs, wearing orange and blue sweaters.
9) 1) dialog: People like my father could never understand, but I was a part of something. I belonged. I was treated like a grown-up. Every day I was learning to score.
10) 9) dialog: My father was always pissed off. He was pissed that he had to work so hard. He was pissed that he made such lousy money. He was pissed that there were seven of us living in a tiny house. But after a while, he was mostly pissed that I hung around the cabstand. He said they were bums and that I was a bum. He said I was going to get into trouble. I used to say I was only running errands after school, but he knew better. He knew what went on at the cabstand and, every once in a while, usually after he got his load on, I had to take a beating. But by then, I didn't care. No matter how many beatings I took, I wouldn't listen to what he said. I don't think I even heard him. The way I saw it, everybody has to take a beating some time. UNFREEZE and continue the beating. cuT TO:
11) 2) dialog: I can't make any more deliveries. (CONTINUED)
11) 6) dialog: My father got a letter from the school. He said the next time he'll kill me.
12) 0) text: Three HOODS and Henry in parked car outside the post office.
12) 2) dialog: No.
12) 4) dialog: No. (pause) There. That's him. That's the guy. Hood #1 and Hood #2 get out of the car and grab the stunned MAILMAN. He loses his hat and spills some mail as they shove him into the car's rear seat.
13) 0) text: Tuddy Vario is standing in front of a pizza oven. Henry watches the Hoods shove the Mailman against the side of the oven. We see Paul Cicero in the b.g.
14) 0) text: Tuddy.-and Heary running in the. rain.to Paulie’s house. HENRY (V.0.) *. ‘Paulie hated phones... He wouldn't * . have one in his house. . *
14) 10) text: _ HENRY. (¥ ays in sleeve- - of the cin
14) 21) dialog: Hundreds of guys depended on Paulie and he got a piece of everything they made. It was tribute, just like the old country, except they were doing it in America. All they got from Paulie was protection from other guys looking to rip them off. That's what it's all about. That's what the F.B.I. can never understand -- that what Paulie and the organization does is offer protection for people who can't go to the cops. They're like the police department for wiseguys.
15) 0) text: We see Tuddy in his car, hand Henry a hammer, some rags, and a five gallon can of gasoline.
15) 2) dialog: People looked at me differently. They knew I was with somebody. We see Henry shove the gas-soaked rags through the broken car windows. Henry looks up the block where Tuddy has parked. We see Tuddy (from Henry's POV) look around and nod. Henry immediately begins tossing lighted matchbooks through the smashed car windows. (CONTINUED)
15) 5) dialog: I didn't have to wait on line at the bakery on Sunday morning anymore for fresh bread. The owner knew who I was with, and he'd come from around the counter, no matter how many people were waiting. I was taken care of first. Suddenly the night EXPLODES in orange brightness. We see Henry begin to run toward Tuddy's car as the cars he has ignited begin to EXPLODE behind him.
15) 6) dialog: Our neighbors didn't park in our driveway anymore, even though we didn't have a car. At thirteen, I was making more money than most of the grownups in the neighborhood. I had more money than I could spend. I had it all. FREEZE ON Henry's silhouette against the darkness like a man in hell.
15) 7) dialog: One day some of the kids from the neighborhood carried my mother's groceries all the way home for her. It was out of respect.
16) 0) text: Henry's mother opens door of house, bright daylight.
16) 1) text: She sees grey lizard shoes, grey pinstriped trousers, grey silk shirt, Billy Eckstein collar, yellow silk tie, and double-breasted jacket. She looks up and sees Henry's smiling face.
17) 0) text: We see Henry standing near front of store.
17) 3) dialog: (soothing the man) It's okay. It's okay. They're getting an ambulance. We see Henry prop the man in his chair and race into the pizzeria for more aprons which he takes outside and wraps around the man's bleeding hand, just as an ambu- lance pulls up. We see Tuddy come up behind Henry as the man is rushed away.
17) 4) dialog: It was the first time I had ever seen anyone shot.
17) 7) dialog: I remember feeling bad about the guy. But I remember feeling that maybe Tuddy was right. I knew Paulie didn't want anybody dying in the building.
18) 0) text: Henry is making a ham and cheese sandwich. CAMERA TRACKING THROUGH room full of people playing cards, THROUGH professional card dealers skittering cards across green felt tables, THROUGH bodyguards watching the door, THROUGH Tuddy Vario walking around the tables, THROUGH Paul Cicero standing quietly on the side, THROUGH Henry giving the sandwich to one of the players.
18) 1) dialog: It was a glorious time. Wiseguys were all over the place. It was before Apalachin and before Crazy Joey decided to take on a boss and start a war. It was when I met the world. It was when I first met James Conway. CAMERA COMES TO REST when James Conway walks in the door.
18) 3) dialog: looking at James.
18) 4) dialog: He couldn't have been more than twenty-four or twenty-five at the time, but he was already a legend. He'd walk in the door and everybody who worked the room went wild. He'd give the doorman a hundred just for opening the door. He shoved hundreds in the pockets of the dealers and who ran the games. The bartender got a hundred just for keeping the ice cubes cold. Henry sees Cicero give Conway a hug around the shoulder. Henry sees James handing money to the doorman. Henry watches players timidly move their chairs slightly to make room for James. Henry sees James pull out a wad of bills and sit down.
18) 10) dialog: James was one of the most feared guys in the city. He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal. I mean, he actually enjoyed it. James was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies. He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes, Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best. They went ast.
19) 1) dialog: And almost all of them were gimmie's.
19) 5) dialog: They called him James the Gent. The drivers loved him. They used to tip him off about the really good loads. Of course, everybody got a piece. And when the cops assigned a whole army to stop him... (pause) ..-. James made them partners. cur TO: EXT. CABSTAND PARKING LOT - CLOSEUP - ROWS oF CIGARETTE 2
20) 0) text: We see Henry busily selling. cartons to workers. Tommy is getting cartons out of the trunk of a car parked nearby. Henry is so busy he can hardly keep the money and cash straight. Instead of the neat roll we saw on James, Henry's cash is a wrinkled mess. Some of it is rolled, some folded, some in different pockets. We see Henry approached by two city DETECTIVES.
20) 3) dialog: , (offering them cartons) It's okay. Detective #1 roughly grabs Henry's arm. Detective #2 grabs Henry's cigarette cartons, We see Henry pull his arm away and one. of the Detectives slaps him across the face. We see that Tommy is about to say something, but runs away instead.
22) 0) text: Henry is waiting along with dozens of hookers, nodding junkies, muggers and shoplifters. When Henry's case is called, we PAN TO a well-dressed mob lawyer. Henry, who has never seen the lawyer before, walks to the prosecutor's, rather than the defendant's table. A court clerk nods him over toward his own lawyer. (CONTINUED)
22) 3) dialog: If any of the truckers or airlines gave us trouble, Paulie had his union people scare them with a little strike. It was beautiful. It was an even bigger money-maker than numbers, and James was in charge. Whenever we needed money, we'd rob the airport. To us, it was better than Citibank.
23) 3) dialog: There was James and Tommy and me. And there was Anthony Stabile, Franky Carbone, Fat Andy, Frankie the Wop, Freddy No Nose, Pete the Killer, Johnny Bianco, Mikey Franzese, and Jimmy Two Times, who got that nickname because he said everything twice. Like, ‘You wanna get the papers, get the papers.’ (CONTINUED)
23) 8) dialog: Not till Thursday.
23) 13) dialog: For us to live any other way was nuts. To us, those goody-good people who worked shitty jobs for bum paychecks, who took the subway to work every day and worried about their bills, were dead. They were suckers. They had no balls. If we wanted something, we just took it. If anyone complained twice, they got hit so bad they never complained again. It was routine. You didn’t even think about it. Cur To: (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: We see Sonny Bunz meekly seated at table facing Paul Cicero. Henry is standing behind Sonny Bunz for support.
24) 13) dialog: (to Sonny) Tell him, It's okay.
25) 1) dialog: Now the guy's got Paulie for a partner. Any problems, he goes to Paulie. Trouble with the bill? He can go to Paulie. Trouble with the cops? Deliveries? Tommy? He ean call Paulie.
26) 0) text: We see Henry and two hoods from cabstand checking the cases of liquor being delivered into the lounge. The entire room is filled floor to ceiling with cases of whiskey, wine, crates of lobster, and shrimp, and stacks of table linen and sides of beef. The place looks like a warehouse.
26) 1) dialog: But now the guy has got to come up with Paulie's money every week, no matter what. Business bad? Fuck you, pay me. You had a fire? Fuck you, pay me. The place hit by lightning? Fuck you, pay me. Also, Paulie could do anything. Especially run up bills on the joint's credit. Why not? Nobody's gonna pay for it anyway.
27) 6) dialog: As soon as the deliveries are made in the front door, you move the stuff out the back and sell it at a discount. You take a two hundred dollar case of booze and sell it for a hundred. It doesn't matter. It's all profit.
28) 0) text: Henry, James and Tommy are standing around the small workman's table. There is no desk. The office looks denuded of furniture. A lawyer is going over papers. A terrified, unshaven Sonny Bunz is seated behind the desk. The lawyer is showing him where to sign.
28) 1) dialog: And, finally, when there's nothing left, when you can't borrow another buck from the bank or buy another case of booze, you bust the joint out.
28) 5) dialog: shoving wads of Sterno paper into the ceiling rafters.
28) 6) dialog: You light a match. Cut To:
29) 0) text: The street is empty. Henry and Tommy are seated in Henry's car. They are watching the Bunz Lounge. (CONTINUED)
29) 4) dialog: (laughing) Will you get the fuck out of here.—
29) 6) dialog: Tommy...
29) 8) dialog: watching smoke coming out of basement windows of Bunz Lounge.
30) 0) text: a red damask restaurant. Tommy and Henry are seated on the outside of.a U-shaped banquet with their two girls, Helene and Karen, seated inside. Helene is being wooed and pawed by a blissful Tommy. Helene is enjoying every bit of Tommy's undivided attention. (CONTINUED)
30) 3) dialog: I had a meeting with Tuddy around eleven o'clock and here I am a back-up guy.
30) 5) dialog: I couldn't wait to get away. I was ordering the dessert when they were eating dinner. When they were having coffee, I was asking for a check.
31) 0) text: We see Henry pushing Karen into the car.
32) 0) text: We see Henry hurrying Karen out of the car.
34) 0) text: A hot night. The hoods have moved to the sidewalk where we see them sitting in sleeveless underwear, watching the street. ‘We see Henry leave the cabstand when suddenly a CAR SCREECHES up on the sidewalk directly in front of him. The hoods scatter and we see that Henry is terrified.
34) 3) dialog: who sees Tommy and Helene in the car, laughing.
34) 4) dialog: (embarrassed and defensive) I didn't know. I swear. I thought it was next week.
34) 7) dialog: who sees the wiseguys laughing.
34) 8) dialog: Take it easy. We can talk about it. (CONTINUED)
34) 11) dialog: She's screaming on the street and I mean loud, but she looked good. She had these viclet eyes. I remember she's screaming, but mostly I'm looking at her eyes. They were just like Elizabeth Taylor's. That's what everybody said.
34) 13) dialog: I thought you were going to stand me up. You looked bored. You didn't say anything. What did you expect. Tommy was all over me. Right? We see Karen relax for a second.
34) 14) dialog: Come on, let me make it up.
36) 0) text: Henry gives the keys and a rolled-up twenty dollar bill to the doorman at the building across the street and steers Karen toward the Copa. (CONTINUED)
36) 4) dialog: (while pushing her through the crowd waiting to get in) He watches it for me. It's better than waiting at a garage. We see Henry deftly steer Karen away from the Copa’s main entrance and down the basement steps. A huge bodyguard, eating a sandwich in the stairwell gives Henry a big "hello." We see Henry walk right through the basement kitchen, which is filled with Chinese and Latino cooks and dishwashers who pay no attention. Karen is being dragged along, open-mouthed, at the scene. Henry starts up a stained kitchen staircase through a pair of swinging doors and suddenly Karen sees she is inside the main room. The harried maitre d’ (he is surrounded by customers clamoring for their tables) waves happily at Henry and signals to a CAPTAIN. We see a table held aloft by two waiters wedging their way toward the stage and plant the table smack in front of what had until that moment been a ringside table. As Henry leads Karen to their seat, she sees that he is nodding and shaking hands with many of the other guests. We see Henry quietly slip twenty dollar bills to the waiters.
36) 7) dialog: Where, over there?
36) 12) dialog: (toasting Karen and clinking glasses) I'm in construction.
36) 14) dialog: I'm a union delegate.
37) 0) text: On loading platform we see Henry and Tommy dressed in Air France coveralls. Henry is carrying a large suitcase. Suddenly we see Frenchy McMahon come through a door, slip Henry a key and lead them back into the office area near the entrance. Henry goes to the door marked "SECURITY AREA” that Frenchy points out and opens it with the key. Henry and Tommy go inside.
37) 2) dialog: coming out with the suitcase, close the door and walk right past Frenchy without saying a word.
38) 0) text: We see the suitcase open on the desk. We see Cicero, James, Henry and Tommy standing around, wreathed in smiles. Henry is counting stacks of cash, spreading them all over the desk.
38) 1) dialog: Air France made me. We walked out with four hundred and twenty thousand dollars without.a gun. And we did the. right thing. Henry counts up $420,000 and slides ten packages of $100 bills in front of Cicero who stands up and proudly kisses Henry on the cheek. ° (CONTINUED)
39) 0) text: Henry and Karen are at a sun-drenched table after paper- cup and paper plate lunch where Henry is trying to pay cash.
40) 0) text: CAMERA PANS TO stage where we see singer's back and Henry and Karen at a luxurious ringside table with linen, silver, and crystal.
41) 0) text: Henry and Karen are sipping champagne from Copa glasses in car parked outside her house.
42) 4) dialog: (pleading) Morris. Please. You know James. You borrowed his money. Pay ‘em. (CONTINUED)
42) 8) dialog: (getting exasperated) What are you gonna do? Fight with him? He wants his money.
42) 10) dialog: (getting annoyed) Morris, you're talking crazy. Drop a dime? Call the cops? Don't even let anybody hear such bullshit. Why don't you just pay the man his money and shut the fuck up. We see James in b.g. start toward Henry and Morris when he hears Henry raise his voice. We see James come up behind Morris and wrap the long telephone extension cord around Morris's neck. We see Morris's eye begin to pop. We see Henry try to get his hands between the wire and Morris's neck while trying to get James to stop.
42) 12) dialog: James. He'll be okay. He's good for it. Relax. We see Morris nodding in agreement that he will pay. Suddenly, the PHONE RINGS. (CONTINUED)
42) 16) dialog: (fury crosses his face) Wait there. Henry races out the door, leaving Morris and James docilely looking after him as he runs out the door.
43) 0) text: We see Karen waiting at booth as Henry pulls up.
45) 0) text: Henry's car is parked at the curb. A new red Corvette is parked across the street.
45) 1) dialog: Go inside. I'll be right there.
45) 3) dialog: Get inside! When Karen gets out of the car, we see Henry reach under the seat for a snub-nose .38 revolver. 52 53 54 55 56 57 40.
46) 0) text: We see Henry walk down driveway to the back yard area where BRUCE and two of his brothers are talking. Bruce sees Henry and walks toward him. Bruce's two brothers are smirking.
47) 0) text: We see Karen standing at the side door as Henry races up and puts something in her hand.
47) 1) dialog: (panting) Here, hold this. We see Karen look down.
48) 0) text: We see hands carefully wrapping a white linen table napkin around some object. We see the napkin and object placed on the floor. We see a man's heel come down and smash the object, which turns out to be.a wine glass. We are at a small Jewish living room wedding with a canopy and rabbi and it was Henry who broke the glass as a part of the ritual. Karen's parents are glumly looking on. Henry's. parents are even glummer. Only Michael, Henry's brother in the wheelchair, looks pleased.
49) 0) text: Paulie Cicero, Frenchy, Morris Kessler, Tommy DeVito, and all of their wives and fiancees are present. PAN FROM Henry's and Karen's parents sitting uneasily at different tables.
49) 15) dialog: getting up to dance.
49) 19) dialog: (amused) What bag?
49) 21) dialog: (chiding) Oh that. Don't worry about that. Nobody's gonna steal it.
52) 2) dialog: (angrily interrupting) Are you nuts? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
52) 6) dialog: Jeannie's husband went to the can just to get away from her, she's such a pain in the ass. Let me tell you. Nobody goes to jail unless they want to, unless they make. themselves get caught. They ‘do stuff with the: wrong people. They don't have things organized. You know who goes to jail? Nigger stickup men. That's who. And / they only get caught because they .. fall asleep in the getaway car. . Karen looks down. She’s listening.
52) 7) dialog: Listen, we're beginning to make real money for the first time. It's business. Do you think I'm going to walk away from that? Henry puts his arm around Karen and begins to hug her.
53) 0) dialog: who is carrying a brown paper bag as though it were a gun, pulling a driver out of his truck and shoving him toward another hood who pushes him into the rear seat of a car where we see another hood.
53) 4) dialog: getting into the truck.
56) 0) text: We see James and Mickey and Henry and Karen and Tuddy and wife, Tommy and girlfriend, Morris and Karen Kessler, Franky Carbone and wife and the assorted children, all wearing party hats and blowing out the candles on nine- year-old James Conway Jr.'s huge layer cake.
57) 1) text: CAMERA TRACKS row after row of neatly hung suits and - sports jackets and racks of sharp shoes. We see Henry getting undressed. He neatly hangs his jacket and then lifts the front of his sport shirt to his neck, revealing thick packets of crisp $50 and $100 bills he has wedged all around his waist.
57) 5) dialog: I told you I can't.
57) 9) dialog: How much? (CONTINUED)
58) 0) text: A plush, overdecorated cocktail lounge and nightclub on Queens Boulevard, where we hear Sergio Franchi on the jukebox. (NOTE: Replay the opening of the film at 9 times normal speed -- Henry slamming the truck closed.)
58) 1) dialog: For most of the guys, killing got to be accepted. They were routine. Murder was the only way everybody stayed in line. It was the ultimate weapon. “You got out of line, you got whacked. Everyone knew the rules,
58) 4) dialog: But sometimes, even if people didn’t get out of line, they'd get whacked. Hits just became a habit for some guys. It didn't take anything to get yourself killed.
58) 7) dialog: Guys would get into arguments over nothing and before you knew it, one of them was dead. They were shooting each other all the time. Shooting people was a normal thing. It was no big deal. cuUuT TO: (CONTINUED)
58) 11) dialog: You didn't have to do anything and nobody was immune. You just had to be there.
58) 14) dialog: But we had a problem with Billy Batts. This was a touchy thing. Tommy had killed a made man. Billy was a part of the Gambino crew and untouchable. cUuT TO:
59) 0) text: We. see Tommy, Henry and James burying Batts.
59) 1) dialog: Before you could touch a made guy, you had to have a good reason. There had to be a sitdown. And you better get an okay, or you'd be the one who got whacked. Henry slams down trunk.
60) 5) dialog: Saturday night was for wives, but Friday night at the Copa was always for the girlfriends.
61) 0) text: Henry's convertible pulls up. Henry has his arm around. Janice's neck. We .see them go into the building.
62) 0) text: Sunday. There are lots of relatives and friends present. Henry and Karen arrive. Karen is carrying their new baby and Henry has his two-year-old daughter by the hand. A great fuss is made over the new baby and over Karen by the women, including Cicero's wife. Cicero puts an arm around Henry and leads him into an alcove.
62) 2) dialog: What thing? The Brooklyn thing?
62) 4) dialog: The guy from near where Christie used to live?
62) 6) dialog: Oh! Him.
62) 8) dialog: Oh yeah. Sure. That guy. I know him.
62) 10) dialog: Oh yeah. Yeah. I know. I even looked into it myself. Nobody knows what the fuck happened to him. He came in the joint that one night and then he disappeared.
63) 0) text: Henry and Janice, with the crew, are drinking. Morris Kessler is reluctantly paying off a bet at the bar. James calls Henry aside.
63) 2) dialog: (surprised) Paulie was just taking about him.
63) 4) dialog: (shocked) What?
63) 6) dialog: (horrified) It's been six months.
63) 8) dialog: (nodding in agree- ment and concern) If Paulie finds out, we got problems.
64) 0) text: A hot summer night. The car trunk is open. Henry, James and Tommy are struggling with shovels. Henry, sickened by the stench, is wearing his handkerchief over his nose and mouth. Henry looks at James and Tommy. They do not appear to be bothered by.the stench. 74 75 76 7 57. EXT. HENRY AND KAREN’S SUBURBAN HOME 74 Henry is hosing out the trunk of his car. . He has all of the mats, the spare tire, and jack out of the trunk.
64) 2) dialog: (annoyed at Karen's prying) I hit. a skunk. Henry sprinkles in a bottle of perfume and slams the trunk shut. .
65) 0) text: We see Janice showing off her new apartment to the giris, including SANDY, a sexy, dark-haired girl. We hear Henry, Tommy, Carbone and Manri laughing in b.g. The apartment is decorated in Ocean Parkway Ming. There are thick velvet-covered sofa and blue-glass ‘coffee table in bedroom and we see a satin-covered, king- size bed with a doll propped against the pillows. We see Janice lean over and show her girlfriends, including Sandy, the red ruffles.
65) 1) dialog: I set up Janice in an apartment around the corner from the Suite. That way I was able to stay over a couple of nights a week. Karen was home with the kids anyway and she never asked any questions anyway.
66) 0) text: Henry is strangling the owner of a bridal shop with his own tie while Tommy and James laugh.
66) 1) dialog: Janice and I were having so much fun, she started screwing up at work, and I had to straighten out her boss a little bit.
67) 0) text: We see Janice suddenly lifted off her feet and thrown on the bed. We see Henry and the girls laughing. As Henry lifts Janice off her feet, he winks at Sandy, who smiles back. 58.
68) 0) text: Glazed walls, ornate sconces, and a rumpus room bar. Henry, James, Tommy and other wiseguys are playing cards. Tommy is a little drunk. Spider, a 22-year-old apprentice hood, is waiting on the players, bringing them drinks. The sort of thing we saw Henry doing earlier. Tommy is feeling expansive. He throws his jacket open to reveal a gun tucked in his belt.
68) 5) dialog: Tommy, don't fuck around. Put the gun away. Tommy!
68) 7) dialog: Tommy, come on. Put the gun away.
69) 3) dialog: I gotta go out!
69) 5) dialog: Are you nuts?
69) 7) dialog: (exasperated) That again.
69) 9) dialog: (suddenly calm and walking out) I need some air. I need a Little peace. At least at home. We see Karen sit down on bed and begin to cry. We hear the CHILDREN CRYING in background.
70) 13) dialog: After Billy Batts and Spider, everything was going crazy. Not just our crew, but everybody. ~
72) 8) dialog: (always deny) What's the matter with you? You're erazy.
72) 10) text: Karen sweating, Henry's profile, the hammer of the gun, etc.
72) 14) dialog: {carefully moving his head away from the gun) It's all bullshit. I swear. It's nothing. Whatever you want, we'll do.
72) 23) dialog: (quickly moving his head away and grabbing the gun) Son of a bitch. We see Henry slap Karen across the face and knock her off the bed.
72) 24) dialog: (angrily getting out of bed and packing his clothes) I don't need this bulishit. I got enough to worry about getting whacked on the street. I gotta come home to get whacked? We see Karen crying.
72) 25) dialog: I swear on my mother, I should kill you. You're fucking crazy. We see Henry hit her. He is about to hit her again, but stops. He turns his back on her and opens the door of his closet roughly grabbing some clothes as if getting ready to pack.
73) 0) text: Henry opens the door and Paul Cicero and James enter. They walk toward the kitchen. The place is in disarray.
73) 1) dialog: (to Janice) Honey. Go get me some cigarettes. (CONTINUED)
75) 0) text: We hear the ROAR of LIONS. We see James and Henry drag the bookie out of the car by his arms and legs just outside the zoo.
75) 2) dialog: (while dragging bookie) What lions? I'm not going near any lions.
76) 2) dialog: They must really feed each other to the lions down there, because the guy gave the money right up and we got to spend the rest of the weekend at the track. (pause and genuine shock) But then, I couldn't believe what happened.
76) 5) dialog: When we got home, we were all over the newspapers. At first, I didn't even know why we got picked up.
76) 10) dialog: Then, I found out, that the guy we roughed up turned out to have a sister working as a typist for the F.B.I.
76) 12) dialog: Who could believe it? Of all the fucking people. She gave up everybody. James. Me. Even her brother. : cur TO:
77) 0) text: Henry and James before judge. Karen and children crying in court: Other family members present and crying.
77) 1) dialog: It took the jury six hours to bring us in guilty. The judge gave James and me ten years like he was giving away candy.
78) 0) text: Tommy, Morris Kessler, Joe Manri, Stacks Edwards, Frenchy McMahon, etc., are all having drinks with Henry before he goes off to prison. We see by the bar clock that it is four o'clock. Suddenly, Karen comes charging into the bar. She is angry. She has tracked Henry down.
78) 2) dialog: I'm just having my last few drinks. (CONTINUED)
78) 6) dialog: Shit. Henry looks at his pals, orders his last Screaming Eagle for a while, and gently touches the tips of Karen's fingers. He swallows his drink, hugs and kisses a tearful Karen and walks out of the bar to a long, white stretch limo waiting at the curb.
78) 8) dialog: (downing a palm full of Valium) Okay, now you can take me to jail.
79) 2) dialog: Dinner was always a big thing. We had a pasta course and then meat or fish. Paulie did the prep work. He was doing a year for contempt and he had a system for doing garlic. He used a razor and he sliced it so thin it used to liquify in the pan with a little oil.
79) 7) dialog: Vinnie was in charge of the tomato sauce. I felt he put in too many onions, but it was a good sauce anyway.
79) 10) dialog: Johnny Dio did the meat. We didn't have a broiler, so Johnny did everything in pans. He smelled up the joint something awful and the hacks used to die.
79) 13) dialog: Everybody else in the joint was doing real time, all mixed together, living like pigs.
79) 15) dialog: in grey prison garb, carrying a heavy canvas mail sack marked "LEWISBURG PRISON.” He dumps the sacks on one of the beds. -
79) 16) dialog: We lived alone. We owned the joint. Even those hacks who we couldn't bribe would never rat on the guys who did.
79) 21) dialog: opens the sack on his bed and pulls out bottles of wine, Scotch, and brandy, and holds them aloft.
79) 22) dialog: (looking for praise) Nice? Good?
80) 0) text: Visiting day. Henry is in a guard's booth watching the visitors' gate through a window. We see a GUARD in the room with Henry. There is a KNOCK. The Guard opens the door and looks at Henry. Henry nods. The Guard lets the inmate enter. While the Guard watches, the inmate gives Henry some cash and Henry gives him one of the plastic bags filled with marijuana and a bottle of pills. The inmate is then escorted out by the Guard who closes the door.
80) 5) dialog: (looking intently at the visiting gate) No, that's it. No more today. We see Henry casually stuff some bills into the Guard's shirt pocket. Cur TO: INT. VISITORS’ GATE - ANGLE ON KAREN - DAY 91 coming through. She is wearing such a large, oversized | coat that Karen looks twice as big as she was when we last saw her. . She has the two children with her. She is carrying a large purse and some empty shopping bags. The guards see her and immediately help her get through the metal detection device and past the table where other women are emptying the contents of their bags and packages. cUT TO:
81) 6) dialog: (acting dumb) What are you talking about?
81) 8) dialog: Jezuz Christ!
81) 10) dialog: (astounded) What am I doing? I'm in here! I'm in jail. I can't stop people from coming to see me. We see Karen open her coat revealing large inside pockets where she has stowed salamis, wine, cigarettes, cartons etc.
81) 15) dialog: (desperate) Stop! - Stop!
81) 18) dialog: (stroking her head and soothing her) It'll be okay.
81) 20) dialog: We've got to help each other.
81) 22) dialog: It's only you and me. That's what happens when you go away. We're on our own. Forget. everybody. Forget Paulie. As Iong as he's on parole he doesn't want anybody doing anything. (CONTINUED)
81) 26) dialog: Yes, you can. I've got it set up. We'll be fine. All I need is for you to keep bringing the stuff. I've got a guy in here from Pittsburgh who'll move it for me. Believe me, in a month we'll be fine. We won't need anybody.
81) 28) dialog: Don't worry about Paulie. Is he helping you? Is he putting food on the table? We've got to help ourselves. We just have to be careful while we do it.
81) 30) dialog: (hugging her to him) Never.
82) 0) text: Henry comes out in civilian clothes. We see his face drop. PAN OVER to the beat-up old car. Karen is behind the wheel. Henry gets in.
83) 0) text: The signs of wealth are long gone. Henry sees that Karen has been living four tough, lean years. Their daughters are watching as Henry looks around the house. (CONTINUED)
83) 4) dialog: (smiling faintly) Get packed. We're getting out of here.
83) 6) dialog: (smiling, slyly) Don't worry with what. You just start looking for a new place. I'm going to Pittsburgh in the morning. The guys from Pittsburgh they owe me fifteen grand from our little partnership and it's only the beginning.
83) 8) dialog: Don't worry about it. You listening to me? Now, come on. We gotta go see Paulie.
84) 4) dialog: walking toward the edge of the dock.
84) 11) dialog: (shocked) Me? Why would I get into that shit?
84) 13) dialog: Why would I get into that?
84) 15) dialog: I know that. I know James. You think I'd take chances like James?
84) 17) dialog: Paulie, I know. I know what they are. But I use them for certain things. Please. Believe me, you don't have to worry. (CONTINUED)
84) 21) dialog: Paulie. Why would I? I swear.
84) 25) dialog: I understand.
85) 1) text: mixing coke in metal bowl. We see Henry standing behind her. Sandy is an intense, sexy, 30-year-old, divorced, ex-airport clerk. (Sandy is described earlier in Scene #75, page 57, where. she flirts with Henry.) The apart- ment is a jumbled mess and even the table where she is cutting the drugs is littered with old coffee cups, newspapers, and day-old dirty dishes. (CONTINUED)
85) 4) dialog: It took me about a week of sneaking around before I could unload the Pittsburgh stuff without Paulie finding out. But when I did, it was a real score. I started using Sandy's place ‘to mix the stuff-and-even with Sandy's snorting more than she mixed, I could see this was a good business. I made twelve thousand dollars in my second week and I had a down payment on my house. All I had to do was every once in a while, tell Sandy I loved her.
86) 1) dialog: It was perfect. As long as I kept getting the stuff from Pittsburgh, I knew Paulie would never find out. But within a couple of weeks it got to be so big I needed help. I got James and Tommy to come in with me.
86) 2) dialog: Fifteen, sixteen, eighteen, twenty-one-five.
86) 3) dialog: opening a shoe box he has hidden in a plastic grocery bag. James and Tommy lean close to Henry in order to see inside.
86) 4) dialog: (smiling) Did I tell you?
87) 9) dialog: Done.
87) 11) dialog: Will you stop?
88) 0) text: a seedy mob hangout. We see all of the wiseguys who will be a part of the Lufthansa robbery. Morris, Henry, Tommy, and James are watching a basketbail game.
88) 1) dialog: And these are the guys.
88) 6) dialog: Tommy and Carbone were going to grab the outside guard and make him get us in the front door.
88) 8) dialog: Frenchy and -- cut TO:
88) 10) dialog: Joe Buddha had to round up the workers. CuT TO:
88) 12) dialog: Fat Louis had to keep them tied up and away from alarms.
88) 19) dialog: Even Stacks got in on it. He was supposed to steal the panel truck and afterwards compact it by a friend of ours in Jersey.
89) 1) dialog: I had everybody working. Even our old babysitter.
89) 3) dialog: (singsong) Hello! Hello! (to Lois) Have a good flight?
89) 6) dialog: They're okay and it's worth it. Ain't it?
90) 3) dialog: (watching out of the corner of his eye) Hey! Watch out. We see Sandy lick her finger and then run her finger across Henry's tongue. He licks, but does not react as he takes several golfball-size cokeballs out of the machine and puts them in a leather pouch. He gets up to leave.
90) 8) dialog: Don't start. I told you to clean up. Look at this place. It's a pigpen. Look around here. Why do you think I bought you the dishwasher? Look. Look at this. (sticking his finger under ‘Sandy's nose) There's enough powder around here to put us all away.
90) 10) dialog: (sitting down again) Hey, come on. I gotta meet somebody.
90) 12) text: We see Henry look at his watch.
91) 0) text: Henry is listening to the RADIO while taking his SHOWER.
91) 8) dialog: Nothing. I dropped the soap. That's all. EXT. ROBERT'S LOUNGE - NIGHT ‘ 103 Private Christmas party. As they arrive, Henry and Karen are hugged by James in the doorway. It is a Lufthansa victory party, but no one mentions the robbery:
92) 18) dialog: Morris, relax. You saw some money.
92) 20) text: James. Wait. Listen. Please. We see that Morris is about to follow James into the room but Henry stops him.
92) 22) dialog: He heard.
92) 24) dialog: (following James into the backroom) Morris, please. Let me talk to him.
92) 30) dialog: James.
93) 2) dialog: Hey! Look what I got. The most expensive tree they had.
93) 5) dialog: Go buy yourself a coat. Karen shivers with excitement. CAMERA DOLLIES INTO tree.
93) 6) dialog: Lufthansa should have been our ultimate.score. The heist of a lifetime. Six million in cash. More than enough to go around.
94) 10) dialog: Stacks was always crazy. Instead of getting rid of the truck like he was supposed to, he got stoned, went to his girlfriend's and by the time he woke up, the cops had found the truck. It was all over the television. They even said they came up with prints off the wheel. It was just a matter of time before they got to Stacks. (CONTINUED)
94) 17) text: ‘about it. ~~ ck / oo HENRY : ‘There are cops. all over the place.
94) 19) text: As. Henry ‘hugs Tomny. “they” hear a KNOCK at ‘the ‘door. Startled, Henry, Tommy, and James stare atthe. door. a second and leave the back room. oe oe
94) 22) text: we. see Henry exit and Morris goes. off. 00D. FELLAS - Rev. 6/28/89 92,
94) 24) text: Improvise with Morris making Henry laugh and...
94) 26) text: Henry looks. up and sees James looking ¢ at Morris. EXT.: _ SIDEWALK, OUTSIDE ROBERT'S ‘LOUNGE. BAR.- NEXT DA
94) 27) text: We see Henry and James walking toward the door. “HENRY Wy, Oy Y. “I eould see: for the first ‘time that James was .a nervous. wreck. His mind was going in eight - different. directions at. once. (CONTINUED)
94) 34) text: INT. ations vie wait > DAY Se oe 106E James and Henry. continue. walking ‘toward fables in. rea of the bar:
94) 36) dialog: I was just stalling for time. 1 ; still-chad till.eight or.nine o'clock to talk James out. of killing Morris, .but- meanwhile, as far as. James knew, I was going along with the pregram. (CONTINUED)
94) 49) dialog: Awright, awright. Let me take you home and I'11 go look for him myself. Right now.
95) 0) text: Henry and James are leaving together.
95) 1) dialog: What'1ll I tell Belle?
95) 4) dialog: Come on, don't fuck around, will ya?
95) 6) text: James... Come on. Fuck ‘em. Don't give them the satisfaction. Henry watches James tiptoe up to the Agents’ car and rap on the window. The startled agents look and see James staring at them.
98) 1) dialog: James was cutting every link between himself and the robbery, but it had nothing to do with me. I gave James the tip and he gave me some Christmas money. From then on I kept my mouth shut. I knew James. He had the cash. It was his. I know he kicked some money upstairs to Paulie, but that was it. It made him sick to have to turn money over to the guys who stole it. He'd rather whack them. Anyway, what did I care? I wasn't asking for anything and, besides, James was making nice money with me through my Pittsburgh connections. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
98) 4) dialog: But still, for months after the robbery, they were finding bodies all over. CAMERAS MOVES ONTO a CLOSEUP of Franky Carbone's frozen face.
98) 5) dialog: When they found Carbone in the meat truck, he was frozen so stiff it took them two days to thaw him out for the autopsy.
99) 0) text: A bright sunny afternoon, Henry and James seated in a window booth. We see James eating eggs on pancakes with Sausages and toasted English muffins.
99) 1) dialog: Still, I never saw James so happy. He was like a kid. We had money coming in through my Pittsburgh people and after a while even the Lufthansa thing began to calm down. But the thing that made James so happy that morning was that this was the day Tommy was being made.
100) 1) dialog: James was so excited, you'd think he was being made. He must have made four calls to Tommy's house. They had a signal all set up so he'd know the minute the ceremony was over.
101) 0) text: James has finished his breakfast and spots Henry's untouched melon.
101) 4) dialog: Nah.
101) 6) dialog: James and I could never be made, because we had Irish blood. It didn't even matter that my mother. was Sicilian. To become a member of the crew, you've got to be one hundred percent Italian so that they can trace all your relatives back to the old country.
103) 1) dialog: It's the highest honor they can give you. It means you belong to a family and a crew. It means that nobody can fuck around with you. It also means you can fuck around with anybody, as long as they aren't also a member. It's like a license to steal. INT. BASEMENT ROOM OFF GARAGE 118 . As Tommy proudly walks into the room, followed by the two wiseguys.
103) 2) dialog: As far as James was concerned, with Tommy being made, it was like we were all being made. We would now have one of our own guys as a member. Tommy proudly walks into the room. We see a hood sud- denly appear behind him, put a GUN to his head and FIRE. (CONTINUED)
103) 5) dialog: Except, they didn't make Tommy that day.
104) 1) dialog: They killed him. It was revenge for Billy Batts. When James turns around, we see that he is crying. We see Henry hurrying toward James to console him.
104) 2) dialog: And there was nothing we could do. Batts was a made man and Tommy wasn't. We had to sit still and take it. It was among the Italians. It was real greaseball shit. They even shot Tommy in the face so his mother couldn't give him an open coffin at the funeral. COME UP ON DATE -- SUNDAY, JANUARY 11, 1979. TITLE UP -- 6:55 AM.
105) 0) text: We see Henry putting a paper bag filled with guns into the trunk of his car. We hear the loud noise of a HELICOPTER. We see Henry look up. We see a red heli- copter. Henry slams the trunk closed. We hear the HELICOPTER.
105) 1) dialog: I was going to be busy all day. I had to drop off some thirty- eights at James's to match some silencers he had gotten. I had to pick up my brother at the hospital and drive him back to the house for dinner and then I had to pick up some new Pittsburgh stuff for Lois to fly down to some customers I had near Atlanta. 120 121 122 123 99.
107) 0) text: Henry full face, car in b.g. We see James grab one of the guns in his doorway and try to screw on a silencer he had in his pocket. He can't.
107) 2) dialog: Right ‘away I knew he didn't want them. I knew I was going to get stuck for the money. I only bought the damn guns because he wanted them. And now, he didn't want them. I didn't say a thing. James was so pissed he didn't even say goodbye.
107) 4) dialog: putting torn bag with guns back into car trunk. TITLE UP - 8:05 AM.
108) 0) text: We see Henry speeding toward top of a rise in highway approaching Queens Midtown Tunnel.
109) 1) dialog: I knew my Pittsburgh guys always wanted guns, and since I was going to see them later in the afternoon to pick up a delivery, I was pretty sure I'd get my money back. Henry looks up and sees the red helicopter. When he looks back at the road he is suddenly confronted with a huge traffic jam spread out before him. We see him jam his foot.on the brakes. TITLE UP - 8:45 AM. 124 125 126 100.
110) 0) text: A bedraggled Henry arrives in his brother Michael's room. Michael is all dressed and sitting in his wheelchair, waiting to go.
110) 1) dialog: When I finally got there to pick up Michael, his doctor wanted-to -put me in bed. I told him about the accident. I said I was partying all night.
110) 3) dialog: He took mercy on me. He gave me ten milligrams of Valium and sent me home. My plan was to drop off my brother at the house and pick up Karen.
111) 0) text: We see Henry driving Michael. Henry looks up and sees the red helicopter.
111) 1) dialog: (to Michael) I think that helicopter's following me.
112) 0) text: We see Michael, in his wheelchair, chopping celery. We see Henry making meatballs. Lois Byrd is also there, helping Karen shell peas. Lois's overnight bag is on the kitchen table, surrounded by food. The children are play- ing on the kitchen floor.
112) 1) dialog: I was cooking dinner that night. I had to start braising the beef, pork butt and veal shanks for the tomato sauce. It's Michael's favorite. I was making ziti and the meat gravy, and I'm planning to roast some peppers over the flames, and I was putting on some string beans with the olive oil and garlic, and I had some beautiful cutlets, cut just right, that I was going to fry up before dinner just as an appetizer. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
112) 5) dialog: I was home for about an hour. My plan was to start the dinner early, so Karen and I could go unload the guns that James didn’t want, and get the package for Lois to take to Atlanta later that night. I kept looking out the window and the helicopter was gone. I asked Michael to watch the sauce, and Karen and I started out. TITLE UP - 11:30 AM.
113) 0) text: We see.Karen and Henry in car when Karen points out the window.
113) 3) dialog: We're going to your mother's.
113) 6) dialog: Now I'm sure we're being tailed. My plan was to go to her mother's and unload the guns. Who needed them in the trunk with all this heat?
113) 8) dialog: putting the guns into garbage cans.
113) 9) dialog: (to Karen) Go inside. Tell her not to touch anything outside the house. Nothing.
113) 13) dialog: Looking up at helicopter.
113) 14) dialog: Let's go shopping.
114) 0) dialog: 
114) 4) dialog: I'm not nuts. It's been following me all fucking morning. I mean it. We see Henry slam down the phone. DOLLY INTO face.
114) 5) dialog: (to Karen) They think I'm paranoid. The dumb fucks. I should bring them the helicopter, then we'll see how paranoid I am. TITLE UP - 1:30 PM.
115) 0) dialog: 
116) 0) text: We see Pittsburgh DEALER laughing as Henry gives him the package of guns. A young man is also standing in the room.
116) 3) dialog: My plan was I had to get home and get the package ready for Leis to take on her trip. Also, (o~ I had to get to Sandy's house to . give the package a whack with some quinine. Plus, I knew Sandy was gonna get on my ass. Then I had the cooking to finish at home, and I had to get Lois ready for the trip. PHONE RINGS in bedroom. Dealer picks it up, listens a moment and offers it to Henry.
116) 5) dialog: (annoyed) Yeah. Henry covers the mouthpiece.
116) 13) dialog: (into phone) I'll see you in about an hour. (pause) I can't. I got my brother home tonight. (pause) We'll talk about it later. Okay? Henry hangs up the phone, pauses and dials again.
117) 6) dialog: You ready? CuT TO:
117) 8) dialog: Tell Michael not to let the sauce stick. cUuT TO:
117) 13) dialog: (on phone) You know what to do?
117) 16) dialog: Now this is important. Make sure you leave the house when you make the call. You understand? Do you hear me? It's important. Call from an outside phone. I mean it.
117) 20) dialog: Just make sure you do it. You know what I mean?
117) 22) dialog: Just do what I say!
117) 28) dialog: So, what does she do after she hangs up with me? After everything I had told her? After all her yeah, yeah, yeah, bullshit? She picks up the phone and calls from the house. Now, if anybody was listening, they'd know everything. They'd know that a package was leaving from my house and they'd even have the time and the flight number. Thanks to her. Lois Byrd reaches for the kitchen phone and calls. TITLE UP - 6:30 PM.
118) 0) text: Henry is working in the kitchen.
118) 1) dialog: As soon as I got home, I started cooking. I had a few hours until Lois's flight. I told my brother to keep an eye on the stove. All day long, the poor guy's been watching helicopters and tomato sauce. I had to drive over to Sandy's place, mix it once and get back to the gravy.
119) 0) text: We see Henry watching Sandy mix the half-kilo of heroin with milk sugar, doubling the amount. There is silence between them. Henry looks at his watch. Sandy pauses for a moment and sniffs a line of coke she has cut on a mirror near the table. Henry snorts some coke, too. The table and room is a mess. Mixing bowls, scales, and sieves are strewn around the room. (CONTINUED)
120) 0) text: After dinner. Everyone is feeling very expansive. Lois and Henry have left the table and are standing in the kitchen.
120) 2) dialog: What for? I got a pound of stuff in my jacket I've been carrying around all day. We gotta start start taping it to your leg.
120) 6) dialog: Forget your fucking hat. What are you, kidding me? Just what I need now is a trip to Rockaway. Just because you want your hat.
120) 8) dialog: Do you realize what we're involved in here now?
120) 10) dialog: What could I do? If she insisted, I had to drive her home for her goddamn hat. I threw the package in the kitchen and went to take her home.
120) 12) dialog: nodding to Karen that the heroin is in the kitchen. TITLE UP - 10:45 PM.
121) 0) text: We see Henry and Lois get into his car. As they start to move out of the driveway, Henry notices that there is a traffic jam in front of his property. People are walking around with flashlights. It looks like ‘an accident. Suddenly, a MAN in Windbreaker appears at Henry's window and jams a gun against Henry's head.
121) 2) dialog: For a second 1 thought I was dead, but when I heard all the noise, I knew they were cops. Only cops talk that way. If they had been wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard a thing. I would have been dead. 137 138 139 109.
123) 0) text: Henry is seated and surrounded by FBI Men and PROSECUTOR EDWARD MCDONALD. We see Lois Byrd brought in past Henry and ushered into another room. We see the Dealer ushered past Henry and placed into yet another room.
123) 1) dialog: All day I thought the guys in the helicopter were just local cops busting my balls over Lufthansa, but they turned out to be Narks. They had been on me a month. Phone taps. Surveillance. We see Sandy brought in, followed by two cops carrying cardboard boxes filled with pots, sieves and scales from Sandy's table. The cops put the boxes on a table where Henry can see them. We see one of the Narks lick his finger after wiping it across one of the bowls. He smiles at Henry and rolls his eyes. We see Henry slouch further in his seat while questioning continues.
124) 0) text: We see Karen and Henry seated at a table in a visiting area. Henry is nervously looking around at the guards and whispering to Karen.
124) 4) dialog: {a little annoyed at Karen) What did he say, exactly? 110.
125) 2) dialog: (placating) Paul will calm down. You'll see.
126) 2) dialog: Fuck James and the money. Didn't I tell you I gotta get out of here first. I gotta straighten everything out with Paulie or I'm dead. CAMERA PANS to sinister James Conway in b.g.
127) 2) dialog: (exasperated) Safe? Here? They'll kill me here. They're all afraid I'm gonna rat them out. People are already looking to walk away from me. I'm dead in here. You gotta get me out.
127) 6) dialog: (pleading) Just get me out. CuT TO:
128) 0) text: We see Henry hurry out of the prison. He looks nervous over his shoulder.
128) 1) dialog: Karen finally got her mother to put her house up for my bail. I was out. We see Karen and her mother are waiting in the car.
128) 2) dialog: I remember I had this feeling I was going to get killed right outside the jail. I knew Paulie was still pissed at me and he's such a hothead I was afraid he might have me whacked before he calmed down. And I was also worried about James. James knew if Paulie found out he was in the drug deals with me, Paulie would have James killed even before me. This is the bad time. I didn't feel safe until I got. home.
129) 1) dialog: frantically looking around the bedroom.
129) 2) dialog: So now my plan was to stay alive long enough to sell off the dope that the cops never found and disappear for a while until I got things straightened cut.
129) 3) dialog: (to Karen) Where's the stuff? (CONTINUED)
129) 7) dialog: You know. The stuff I left.
129) 9) dialog: (anguish and anger mixed) You what?
129) 11) dialog: Are you fucking nuts? That was forty, fifty thousand. I need it. I was depending on that money.
129) 13) dialog: Shit! You know they would have never found it. Why did you do it? Why did you do it? My God, why did you have to do it?
129) 15) dialog: (screaming) Why? Why? We see Henry and Karen holding onto each other as they ery and scream, with the SCREAMS ECHOING out on the SOUNDTRACK.
130) 2) dialog: I've been all fucked up since I got out.
130) 5) dialog: But, Paulie, I'm sorry. Believe me. I was fucking crazy. But I'm okay now. I can be trusted. I'm clean now. On my children. Believe me! Two weeks cold turkey waiting for bail got my head together.
130) 7) dialog: Paulie, I couldn't come to you. I didn't want to put you in this shit. (pause) I was ashamed to come to you. I knew I was wrong. We see Cicero stand, mute.
130) 8) dialog: Paulie. You're all I got. I need help. (CONTINUED )
130) 13) dialog: 
130) 14) dialog: Thirty-two hundred bucks. That's what he gave me. Thirty-two hundred bucks for a lifetime. It wouldn't have paid for the coffin. cuUT TO:
131) 2) dialog: (pleading) We're gonna leave then anyway, because if we stay around here we're gonna be dead.
133) 0) text: We see Karen's CAR SCREECH to a halt near the garage as Henry comes racing out of the house toward her. He has a gun pressed close to his side. We see Karen is frozen to the wheel in fear. She is visibly shaking, crying. We see Henry very gently pull her from behind the wheel. He has cradled her in his arms as, after a wary look around the street, Henry walks her toward the house.
133) 1) dialog: What happened? You okay?
133) 3) dialog: (soothing) Okay. Don't worry about it. It's okay.
134) 2) dialog: If you're part of a crew, nobody ever tells you that they're going to kill you. It doesn't happen that way. There aren't any arguments or curses like in the movies. Your murderers come with smiles. They come as your friends, the people who have cared for you all your life, and they always come at a time when you are at your. weakest and most in need of their help. So I met James in a crowded place we both knew. I got there fifteen minutes early and I saw that James was already there. He took the booth near the window so he could see everyone who drove up to the restaurant. He wanted to see if I had been tailed. James stands to embrace Henry. We see a table with melon, eggs, sausage, toasted English muffins, etc. Henry notices that James has not touched any of the food. Next to James, we see a large legal folder.
134) 4) dialog: (shaking his head) I didn't need the headache.
134) 6) dialog: I can't eat, just get me some coffee.
134) 7) dialog: He was jumpy. He hadn't touched a thing. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
134) 12) dialog: In the old days, James would have ordered doubles and eaten it all. On the surface, of course, everything was supposed to be fine. We were supposed to be discussing my case, just like we always would, but I had a feeling James was trying to sense whether I was going to rat him out to save my neck. JAMES . (patting the legal folder) I think you got a good shot at beating the case.
134) 13) dialog: How?
134) 15) dialog: Yeah.
134) 17) dialog: Yeah. ’ JAMES I want you and Anthony to go down there and take care of that bastard. Without him, they've got no case.
134) 19) dialog: James had never asked me to whack somebody before, but now he's asking me to go down to Florida and do a hit with Anthony.
136) 0) text: Karen is now seated next to Henry on sofa. McDonald is leaning against the desk. In b.g., we see FBI men playing with the children. We see Henry and Karen's suitcases stacked near the sofa. McDONALD We'll sell your house here and apply the money to your new name.
136) 1) dialog: I don't want to go anywhere it's cold. McDONALD I can't control that. (CONTINUED)
136) 4) dialog: I don't care who controls it. Nowhere cold.
138) 0) dialog: arguing. KAREN. (whispering to Henry) What about the schools?
139) 1) dialog: It was easy for all of us to disappear. My house was in my mother-in-law's name. My cars were registered to my wife. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
139) 4) dialog: My social security cards and driver's licenses were phonies. I've never voted. I never paid taxes. My birth certificate and my arrest sheet, that's all you'd ever have to know I was alive. SLOW DOLLY IN TO Henry's face.
139) 5) dialog: The hardest thing for me was leaving the life. I stili love the life. We were treated like movie stars with muscle. We had it all just for the asking.
139) 7) dialog: Our wives, mothers, kids, everybody rode along. I had paper bags filled with jewelry stashed in the kitchen and a sugar bowl full of coke next to the bed. In b.g., we see Mickey Conway crying.
139) 8) dialog: Anything I wanted was a phone call away. Free cars and the keys to a dozen hideout flats all over the city. I'd bet twenty, thirty grand over a weekend...
139) 11) dialog: . and then I'd either blow the winnings in a week or go to the sharks to pay back the bookies.
139) 18) dialog: as he speaks; in synch, directly TO CAMERA. DOLLY IN TO EXTREME CLOSEUP as he speaks.
139) 19) dialog: It didn't matter. When I was broke I just went out and robbed. some more. We ran everything. We paid off lawyers. We paid off cops. Everybody had their hands out. And now it's all over.
140) 1) dialog: And that's the hardest part. Today everything is different. There's no action. CAMERA TRACKS PAST white picket fence.
140) 2) dialog: I have to wait around like anyone else. You can't even get decent food. Right after I got here I ordered some spaghetti with marinara sauce and I got egg noodles and ketchup. CAMERA APPROACHES house and TRACKS IN TO:
140) 4) dialog: (talking TO CAMERA) I'm an average nobody. I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook. FADE OUT.