0) 31) text: We see James nod.
0) 36) dialog: (to Henry, while pinning Batts's arms} Quick! Lock the door. We see Tommy club Batts to the ground with James holding Batts's arms.
0) 43) dialog: (to Henry) Bring the car ‘round back. I ‘know a place upstate they'll never find him. . Tommy is looking brightly at Henry, as he and James finally zip Batts in the mattress cover.
3) 0) text: Finally on their way, Henry is driving. James, in the passenger's seat, and Tommy, in the rear seat, embracing the shovel, are dozing off. The sleepy HUMMING sound of WHEELS is suddenly interrupted by a THUMPING sound. At first, Henry thinks he has a flat, but the THUMPING is too irregular. James awakens. His eyes are on Henry. Tommy leans forward from the rear seat. Silence. THUMP! Silence.
4) 0) text: Car pulls off the road onto the grass. Henry, James and Tommy, still holding the shovel, get cut of the car.
18) 5) dialog: (to Henry, who is standing near the bar) Hey, kid! Get me a seven and seven. We see Henry make the drink and bring it to James. Cicero is standing next to James. (CONTINUED)
18) 9) dialog: (lifting his drink to Henry) Keep ‘em coming. FREEZE FRAME ON James.
19) 0) text: The trailer truck is stopped at a light in a deserted area near JFK Airport. We see the driver being quietly led to a car where James Conway is standing. We see James routinely take the driver's wallet. There is absolutely no resistance.
19) 7) dialog: Tommy. Help the lady. We see Tommy scramble down from the truck and help the School-Crossing Guard to her own car where we see she already had a load of the cartons. We see Henry standing near her car and watching.
19) 10) dialog: standing between Tommy and Henry.
19) 11) dialog: (to Henry) Say hello to Tommy. You'll do good together.
20) 0) text: We see Henry busily selling. cartons to workers. Tommy is getting cartons out of the trunk of a car parked nearby. Henry is so busy he can hardly keep the money and cash straight. Instead of the neat roll we saw on James, Henry's cash is a wrinkled mess. Some of it is rolled, some folded, some in different pockets. We see Henry approached by two city DETECTIVES.
28) 0) text: Henry, James and Tommy are standing around the small workman's table. There is no desk. The office looks denuded of furniture. A lawyer is going over papers. A terrified, unshaven Sonny Bunz is seated behind the desk. The lawyer is showing him where to sign.
38) 0) text: We see the suitcase open on the desk. We see Cicero, James, Henry and Tommy standing around, wreathed in smiles. Henry is counting stacks of cash, spreading them all over the desk.
42) 11) dialog: (total fury) You got money for your bullshit television, don't you? I gotta watch you swimming back and forth on T.V. all night long, don’t I? You got money for that, but you don't have my money?
56) 0) text: We see James and Mickey and Henry and Karen and Tuddy and wife, Tommy and girlfriend, Morris and Karen Kessler, Franky Carbone and wife and the assorted children, all wearing party hats and blowing out the candles on nine- year-old James Conway Jr.'s huge layer cake.
58) 6) dialog: stuffing Billy's body into the truck.
59) 0) text: We. see Tommy, Henry and James burying Batts.
63) 0) text: Henry and Janice, with the crew, are drinking. Morris Kessler is reluctantly paying off a bet at the bar. James calls Henry aside.
63) 1) dialog: We got a problem. That thing we took care of upstate?
63) 3) dialog: Well, we gotta dig him up again.
63) 5) dialog: The guy just sold the property. They're gonna build condominiums and I don't want anybody digging up the little bastard.
63) 7) dialog: It's still better than letting somebody find him.
63) 9) dialog: Fuck Paulie. If Batts' crew finds we whacked him, we got real problems.
64) 0) text: A hot summer night. The car trunk is open. Henry, James and Tommy are struggling with shovels. Henry, sickened by the stench, is wearing his handkerchief over his nose and mouth. Henry looks at James and Tommy. They do not appear to be bothered by.the stench. 74 75 76 7 57. EXT. HENRY AND KAREN’S SUBURBAN HOME 74 Henry is hosing out the trunk of his car. . He has all of the mats, the spare tire, and jack out of the trunk.
66) 0) text: Henry is strangling the owner of a bridal shop with his own tie while Tommy and James laugh.
68) 0) text: Glazed walls, ornate sconces, and a rumpus room bar. Henry, James, Tommy and other wiseguys are playing cards. Tommy is a little drunk. Spider, a 22-year-old apprentice hood, is waiting on the players, bringing them drinks. The sort of thing we saw Henry doing earlier. Tommy is feeling expansive. He throws his jacket open to reveal a gun tucked in his belt.
70) 8) dialog: (laughing) Hey, Spider. That's very good. Did you hear Spider? The kid's got balls. See, the kid's got balls. He's a good kid. Spider starts to limp proudly back to the bar.
70) 9) dialog: (whispering to Tommy) You going to take that shit from this punk? This fuckin' lowlife. This kid's got bigger balls than you'll have any day. He just got shot in the foot by you and he tells you to go fuck yourself. I can't believe this shit. (to the crew, roaring with laughter) Can you believe this shit? (to Tommy, almost whispering) Tommy! You gonna take that shit from a punk? (CONTINUED)
70) 12) dialog: All right, you dumb fuck, if you're going to be a big fuckin’ wiseguy, you can dig the hole. We see a frowning Tommy get up from table and slowly begin moving chairs around to get ready to dig the hole.
73) 0) text: Henry opens the door and Paul Cicero and James enter. They walk toward the kitchen. The place is in disarray.
73) 8) dialog: Things gotta be calm right now, and Karen's so high-strung. She's with Mickey every day. Who knows what she's gonna do?
75) 0) text: We hear the ROAR of LIONS. We see James and Henry drag the bookie out of the car by his arms and legs just outside the zoo.
75) 1) dialog: We're gonna feed the bastard to the lions.
75) 3) dialog: We only have to shove'’m over the moat. We see the Man finally begin to squirm and scream.
77) 0) text: Henry and James before judge. Karen and children crying in court: Other family members present and crying.
86) 9) dialog: Nice. :
88) 0) text: a seedy mob hangout. We see all of the wiseguys who will be a part of the Lufthansa robbery. Morris, Henry, Tommy, and James are watching a basketbail game.
91) 9) dialog: (grabbing Henry around the neck and kissing his head) Come here. (to Karen) Look at this genius. James keeps his arms around Henry and Karen as FAT LOUIE CAFORA shows up with his new wife, Dolores, who is also over 200 pounds. They are beaming with pride.
91) 12) dialog: (whispering angrily at Fat Louie) You fucking nuts? Didn't I say not to go buy anything for a while. You got a fucking car? (CONTINUED)
91) 16) dialog: You're crazy. The bulls are across the street. They're watching everything we do. CUT TO:.
92) 2) dialog: as he watches Fat Louie walk into the bar.
92) 3) dialog: (angrily whispering to Henry) The fat fuck ought to wear a sign. We see a smiling Franky Carbone walk in the door and we see that his WIFE is wearing a $30,000 sable coat.
92) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ! Are you all fucking nuts?
92) 10) dialog: (furiously, to Carbone) Didn't I tell you not to get anything big? Didn't I tell you not to attract attention? In two days, one fuck buys a Caddy and another buys a.ten thousand dollar mink. (to Henry} Can you believe this shit? (to Carbone, with Some menace) Now get the fuck home and get rid ef the coat. Bring it back to where you got it. I don't care what you do, just get rid of it.
92) 13) dialog: (to Henry, as they walk toward the bar) Fucking guys. Can you believe them. I told them all: Don't attract attention. Act normal. At the bar, we see Stacks Edwards and his girlfriend drop ping shot glasses of green creme de menthe into large glasses of chilled Dom Perignon. Tommy and his girl-for- the-night are standing with Stacks and his girlfriend. Tommy is wearing a shiny silk suit that practically glows with newness. We see Frenchy and Buddha with their wives. Everyone is dressed in new clothes and flashing gaudy rings. James and Henry move toward a quiet corner of the bar. We see Morris Kessler suddenly burst in on them.
92) 20) text: James. Wait. Listen. Please. We see that Morris is about to follow James into the room but Henry stops him.
92) 27) dialog: For Christmas. Your share. It's just a taste. (CONTINUED)
92) 31) dialog: (embracing Henry) We did it. We did it. We hear a KNOCK on the door. James stops as if caught.
92) 33) dialog: Yeah, yeah. I'll be right there. CuT TO:
94) 14) text: “We see James the -back -toc
94) 19) text: As. Henry ‘hugs Tomny. “they” hear a KNOCK at ‘the ‘door. Startled, Henry, Tommy, and James stare atthe. door. a second and leave the back room. oe oe
94) 26) text: Henry looks. up and sees James looking ¢ at Morris. EXT.: _ SIDEWALK, OUTSIDE ROBERT'S ‘LOUNGE. BAR.- NEXT DA
94) 27) text: We see Henry and James walking toward the door. “HENRY Wy, Oy Y. “I eould see: for the first ‘time that James was .a nervous. wreck. His mind was going in eight - different. directions at. once. (CONTINUED)
94) 34) text: INT. ations vie wait > DAY Se oe 106E James and Henry. continue. walking ‘toward fables in. rea of the bar:
94) 41) text: We see Morris, dJamés long night.” We see Mo: James" ears.” : Tommy. leaving t the bar after the ris lean. over and whisper: ' in “JAMES (bursts ‘out. Laughing) - ‘Son of a. bitch. You're @ pisser. (CONTINUED)
95) 0) text: Henry and James are leaving together.
95) 2) dialog: Who gives a fuck? Tell her he ran away with a broad. What do you care about her. Suddenly James spots two FBI men who had been tailing him, dozing in their unmarked car. He starts toward their car.
95) 3) dialog: Watch this.
95) 5) dialog: I do it all the time. Bust their fucking balls.
95) 6) text: James... Come on. Fuck ‘em. Don't give them the satisfaction. Henry watches James tiptoe up to the Agents’ car and rap on the window. The startled agents look and see James staring at them.
95) 7) dialog: Come on, fuckoes. Let's go for a ride. (to Henry as James starts his car) I keep ‘em up all fucking night. While Henry walks to his own car, we see James ROAR off and we hear the SQUEAL of TIRES and brakes as James and still sleepy agents in pursuit speed away from the club. 110 111 112 95.
99) 0) text: A bright sunny afternoon, Henry and James seated in a window booth. We see James eating eggs on pancakes with Sausages and toasted English muffins.
101) 0) text: James has finished his breakfast and spots Henry's untouched melon.
101) 1) dialog: (looking at watch) You want the melon? (CONTINUED)
101) 5) dialog: (reaches for the melon and looks at his watch) I-better call again.
103) 0) text: In window, we see James cross the parking lot to an out- door phone booth on the side of the road. TRUCKS are ROARING past.
104) 0) text: Suddenly, James slams down the phone with so much strengt that the booth sudders.
107) 0) text: Henry full face, car in b.g. We see James grab one of the guns in his doorway and try to screw on a silencer he had in his pocket. He can't.
107) 1) dialog: What fucking good are these things? They don't fit. What do I need this for? I'm not paying for this shit.
132) 0) dialog: nervously pacing near the doorway. There are jukeboxes and pinball machines of various sizes and hues on the sidewalk. Some are being loaded onto panel trucks and carted off. (CONTINUED)
132) 4) dialog: (concerned) How is he? Okay? Are they busting his chops?
132) 6) dialog: Did he say what they're asking him about?
132) 8) dialog: I gotta talk to him as soon as I can.
132) 10) dialog: I know. I know. But it'll be okay. Don't worry. I got some money for you. It's down the block. We see James lead Karen to the edge of the sidewalk and point down the block toward a row of stores.
132) 11) dialog: (pointing) The third store down.
132) 18) dialog: standing on sidewalk.
132) 19) dialog: (shouting) Inside! Go in there! cUT TO:
134) 3) dialog: (smiling, friendly greeting) You look good.
134) 5) dialog: Come on, eat something.
134) 14) dialog: It's that rat bastard from Pittsburgh. He rated you all out. He's been a rat since he got busted in Pittsburgh.
134) 16) dialog: He's hiding, the son of a bitch, in Florida.
135) 0) text: We see a grim James getting into the rear seat of an unmarked FBI car while hoods watch silently.
139) 6) dialog: seated at defense table in grey suit and rimless glasses. He almost looks like one of his lawyers.
139) 9) dialog: 