30) 0) text: a red damask restaurant. Tommy and Henry are seated on the outside of.a U-shaped banquet with their two girls, Helene and Karen, seated inside. Helene is being wooed and pawed by a blissful Tommy. Helene is enjoying every bit of Tommy's undivided attention. (CONTINUED)
30) 4) dialog: (sarcastically) Have more coffee. It'll wake you up.
30) 7) dialog: I couldn't stand him. I thought he was really obnoxious. He kept fidgeting around.
31) 0) text: We see Henry pushing Karen into the car.
31) 1) dialog: Before it was even time to go home he was pushing me into the car...
32) 0) text: We see Henry hurrying Karen out of the car.
32) 1) dialog: ... and then pulling me out. It was ridiculous. But Helene and Tommy had made us promise to meet them again on Friday night. We agreed... Of course, when Friday night came around, Henry stood me up.. 43 44 32.
33) 0) text: We see Tommy, Helene and Karen seated at a table set for four.
33) 1) dialog: We were a trio instead of a double-date that night, but I made Tommy take me looking for him.
34) 1) dialog: (charging out of the door, Screaming) You've got some nerve. Standing me up. Nobody does that to me. Who do you think you are? A big shot?
34) 5) dialog: Liart
34) 12) dialog: (furious) Talk? To you? After what you did!
35) 2) dialog: (filled with alarm) Button your shirt, quick! Hurry. Henry buttons his shirt as Karen's Mother comes to the door.
35) 3) dialog: Ma, this is my friend, Henry Hill.
36) 0) text: Henry gives the keys and a rolled-up twenty dollar bill to the doorman at the building across the street and steers Karen toward the Copa. (CONTINUED)
36) 3) dialog: What're you doing? What about the car?
36) 5) dialog: (sitting down) You gave them twenty dollars each? We see the Captain approach with champagne.
36) 9) dialog: What do you do? (CONTINUED)
36) 13) dialog: (taking his-hands) They don't feel like you're in construction. Henry turns to the stage where the lights begin to dim and Henny Youngman walks out.
39) 0) text: Henry and Karen are at a sun-drenched table after paper- cup and paper plate lunch where Henry is trying to pay cash.
39) 1) dialog: (touching Henry's arm) No. No. You've got to sign for it. We see athletic young men and women in white clothes carrying tennis and squash rackets walk by. One young man, Bruce, says hello to Karen. She introduces him to Henry.
39) 2) dialog: (after Bruce walks on) He lives across the street.
40) 0) text: CAMERA PANS TO stage where we see singer's back and Henry and Karen at a luxurious ringside table with linen, silver, and crystal.
40) 1) dialog: One night Billy Daniels sent us champagne. There was nothing like it. I didn't think that there was anything strange in any of this -- you know, a twenty-one-year-old kid with such connections.
41) 0) text: Henry and Karen are sipping champagne from Copa glasses in car parked outside her house.
41) 1) dialog: He was an exciting guy. He was really nice. He introduced me to everybody. Everybody wanted to be nice to him. And he knew how to handle it:
43) 0) text: We see Karen waiting at booth as Henry pulls up.
44) 1) dialog: (erying and dishev- elled) I've known him all my life. He just started grabbing at me. He wouldn't stop. And when I hit him across the nose with my shoe, he got mad and shoved me out.
45) 2) dialog: What are you gonna do?
47) 0) text: We see Karen standing at the side door as Henry races up and puts something in her hand.
47) 7) dialog: I know there are women, like my best friends, who would have gotten out of there the minute their boyfriend gave them a gun to hide. 'Feh! You and your gun. Get out of here. Who needs you?' That's what they would have said to him. But I didn't. I've got to admit the truth. It turned me on. We see Karen look around to make sure no one else has seen her. She then leans over and hides the gun in the milk box at her feet. ,
48) 0) text: We see hands carefully wrapping a white linen table napkin around some object. We see the napkin and object placed on the floor. We see a man's heel come down and smash the object, which turns out to be.a wine glass. We are at a small Jewish living room wedding with a canopy and rabbi and it was Henry who broke the glass as a part of the ritual. Karen's parents are glumly looking on. Henry's. parents are even glummer. Only Michael, Henry's brother in the wheelchair, looks pleased.
49) 0) text: Paulie Cicero, Frenchy, Morris Kessler, Tommy DeVito, and all of their wives and fiancees are present. PAN FROM Henry's and Karen's parents sitting uneasily at different tables.
49) 3) dialog: It was like he had two families. The first time I was introduced to them all at once, it was crazy. Paulie and his brothers had lots of sons and nephews and almost all of them were named Peter or Paul. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
49) 6) dialog: It was unbelievable. There must have been two dozen Peters and Pauls at the wedding. Plus, they were all married to girls named Marie, and they named all their daughters Marie. By the time I finished meeting everybody, I thought I was drunk.
49) 8) dialog: Seated nearby are a beaming James Conway and his wife,
49) 11) dialog: (leoking down at the envelope) Paulie, you shouldn't. We see that Cicero's envelope is richly embossed with hearts and flowers and has a clear window in front through which she can see several neatly-folded hundred dollar bills. When Karen looks up, she sees that every wiseguy and his wife are lined up before her and that they are all holding envelopes with clear windows in ‘ront .
49) 13) dialog: perspiring a little as she accepts and thanks the dozens of wiseguys giving her the envelopes. We also see Henry has opened a plastic supermarket shopping bag under the table where he is stuffing the envelopes just as soon as Karen accepts them.
49) 15) dialog: getting up to dance.
49) 16) dialog: (whispering) My bag. My bag. (CONTINUED)
49) 20) dialog: (desperate) The bag with the envelopes.
50) 0) text: We see Karen propped up, awake, in a chair. Her father is seated on a sofa, asleep. KAREN'S MOTHER is looking out the window.
50) 2) dialog: He's with his friends.
50) 4) dialog: He's a grown man. He doesn't have to call every five minutes.
50) 6) dialog: Don't bring that up. You're the one who wanted us here.
50) 15) dialog: Ma! Stop! What.do you want me to do?
50) 19) dialog: Stayed out? Daddy never went out at all.
51) 2) dialog: We weren't married to nine-to-five guys, but the first time I realized how different was when Mickey had a hostess party.
51) 27) dialog: (continuing over dialogue) They had bad skin and wore too much makeup. I mean they didn't look very good. They looked beat up.
51) 29) dialog: You never saw teeth like that where I was growing up and the stuff they wore was thrown together and cheap. A lot of pants suits and double-knits. And they talked about how rotten their kids were and about beating them with broom handles and leather belts, but that the kids still didn't pay any attention. When Henry picked me up, I was dizzy.
52) 1) dialog: I don't know. I don't know if I could live that way. What if, God forbid, you go to prison. Mickey said Jeannie's husband --
52) 8) dialog: After a while, it all got to be normal. None of it seemed like crimes. It was more that Henry was enterprising. That he and the guys were making a few bucks hustling, while other men were sitting on their asses waiting for handouts. Our husbands weren't brain surgeons. They were blue collar guys, and the only way they could get extra money, real extra money, was to go out and cut a few corners.
53) 9) dialog: And we were also very close. I mean, there were never any outsiders around. Absolutely never! And being together all the time made everything seem even more normal.
54) 0) text: We see Karen looking at a search warrant being shown to her by detectives who are being very polite. The children are looking on.
54) 1) dialog: There was always a little harassment. They always wanted to talk to Henry about this or that. They'd come with their subpoenas and warrants and make me sign. But mostly they were just looking for a handout. A few bucks to keep things quiet, not matter what they found.
54) 2) dialog: (signing the paper) Can I make you some coffee? The detectives smile and, taking off their hats, walk into the house where kids and Karen resume watching TV.
54) 3) dialog: I always asked them if they wanted coffee. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
54) 6) dialog: Some of the wives, like Mickey Conway, used to curse at them and spit on the floor. Imagine. She'd spit on her own floor. That never made any sense to me. It was better to be polite and call the lawyer. Cut To:
56) 0) text: We see James and Mickey and Henry and Karen and Tuddy and wife, Tommy and girlfriend, Morris and Karen Kessler, Franky Carbone and wife and the assorted children, all wearing party hats and blowing out the candles on nine- year-old James Conway Jr.'s huge layer cake.
56) 1) dialog: We all did everything together and we were always the same crowd. Anniversaries. Christenings. We only went to each other's houses.
56) 4) dialog: The women played cards. When my kids were born, James and Mickey were always the first at the hospital.
56) 7) dialog: When we went to the Islands or Vegas for vacation, we always went together,
56) 12) dialog: It got to be normal. I got to where I was even proud that I had the kind of husband who was willing to go out and risk his neck just to get us the little extras.
57) 2) dialog: But I got my mother to watch the kids tomorrow night.
57) 4) text: CAMERA TRACKS PAST rows of Karen's dresses, pants suits, biouses, shoes and fur coats.
57) 8) dialog: (annoyed) I'm gonna need. some money.
62) 0) text: Sunday. There are lots of relatives and friends present. Henry and Karen arrive. Karen is carrying their new baby and Henry has his two-year-old daughter by the hand. A great fuss is made over the new baby and over Karen by the women, including Cicero's wife. Cicero puts an arm around Henry and leads him into an alcove.
64) 0) text: A hot summer night. The car trunk is open. Henry, James and Tommy are struggling with shovels. Henry, sickened by the stench, is wearing his handkerchief over his nose and mouth. Henry looks at James and Tommy. They do not appear to be bothered by.the stench. 74 75 76 7 57. EXT. HENRY AND KAREN’S SUBURBAN HOME 74 Henry is hosing out the trunk of his car. . He has all of the mats, the spare tire, and jack out of the trunk.
64) 1) dialog: What happened to the car?
69) 4) dialog: Not tonight, you're not. Not without the car keys, you're not.
69) 6) dialog: I don't care. Something's going on.
69) 8) dialog: (shrieking and in tears) You're a liar. I look at you and I know you're a liar. We see Henry pick up a large lamp and throw it at Karen. He misses.
71) 3) dialog: (screaming) Open up! I know you're there! You stay away from my husband.
71) 4) dialog: She wouldn't open the door. I rang her bell. Still, she wouldn't open. I rang her bell for two hours, and she kept on hiding.
72) 6) dialog: (straddling Henry in bed, holding a gun) Henry. (pulls back the hammer) Wake up.
72) 9) dialog: (hysterically) Crazy? I'm ‘crazy enough to shoot you and her.
72) 10) text: Karen sweating, Henry's profile, the hammer of the gun, etc.
72) 11) dialog: But still I couldn't hurt him. How could I hurt him? I couldn't even bring myself to leave him.
72) 13) dialog: sweating.
72) 22) dialog: The truth was, that no matter how bad I felt, I was still very attracted to him. Why should I give him up to someone else? Why should she win?
77) 0) text: Henry and James before judge. Karen and children crying in court: Other family members present and crying.
78) 0) text: Tommy, Morris Kessler, Joe Manri, Stacks Edwards, Frenchy McMahon, etc., are all having drinks with Henry before he goes off to prison. We see by the bar clock that it is four o'clock. Suddenly, Karen comes charging into the bar. She is angry. She has tracked Henry down.
78) 1) dialog: (frantic) I thought you were supposed to turn yourself in at ten o'clock this morning?
78) 5) dialog: I've been all over town. I got a call from the bondsman. He says they're going to rescind your bail if you don't show up and sign in right now. They're going to take away the house.
81) 5) dialog: (fuming) You son of a bitch. She's been here. -
81) 7) dialog: (gottcha) Don't lie to me. I saw her name in the register.
81) 9) dialog: You want her to visit you? Good! . Let her stay up all night crying and writing letters to the parole board.
81) 11) dialog: You want her? Good! Let her sneak this stuff in for you. We see Karen slam a salami on the table with such a thud that the other prisoners and wives turn around.
81) 12) dialog: Let her fight with these creep bastards every week to make life easier for you! (CONTINUED)
81) 16) dialog: Let her carry this. shit inside. We see Karen boldly wave a baggie filled with marijuana and some plastic medicine containers with pills. Henry grab the narcotics out of Karen's hand and grabs her. We see Henry hug Karen to him and we see her drop her arms and hug him.
81) 17) dialog: (quietly sobbing) Nobody's helping me. Tommy got four years. Morris and Belle are broke. I asked your friend Remo for the money he owed you, and you know what he told me?
81) 19) dialog: He told me to take the kids to the police station and make the cops put me on welfare. We see Henry take the drugs from Karen's hand and slip it into his shirt.
81) 21) dialog: Even Paulie, since he got out, I hardly see him.
81) 25) dialog: (sobbing) I can't do it anymore.
81) 27) dialog: I'm afraid. I'm afraid if Paulie finds out.
81) 29) dialog: (looking in his face) I don't want to hear about her anymore.
82) 0) text: Henry comes out in civilian clothes. We see his face drop. PAN OVER to the beat-up old car. Karen is behind the wheel. Henry gets in.
83) 0) text: The signs of wealth are long gone. Henry sees that Karen has been living four tough, lean years. Their daughters are watching as Henry looks around the house. (CONTINUED)
83) 5) dialog: With what?
83) 7) dialog: But you've got to see your parole officer in the afternoon and... (whispering) I promised we'd take Lois to F.A.O. Schwarz.
87) 1) dialog: This we had to have made special. I mean, sit in it. Go ahead. Sit. Belle plops onto sofa. (CONTINUED)
87) 4) dialog: The others you couldn't even sit in. And from here, watch the wall. Karen's hand flicks a switch on table next to sofa, and wall slides back, revealing TV and stereo.
87) 5) dialog: See. It opens. We had the electricians fix it up special. cuT TO:
87) 7) dialog: This we imported. It came in two pieces. ON third object, PAN TO Karen. As Karen and Belle Kessler disappear behind swinging kitchen doors, Morris and Henry drop onto the sofa.
89) 2) dialog: (enthused) She's beautiful. Look at her. Henry, look at her.
89) 7) dialog: (playing with the baby) Is this the same one as last time? (CONTINUED)
112) 0) text: We see Michael, in his wheelchair, chopping celery. We see Henry making meatballs. Lois Byrd is also there, helping Karen shell peas. Lois's overnight bag is on the kitchen table, surrounded by food. The children are play- ing on the kitchen floor.
113) 0) text: We see.Karen and Henry in car when Karen points out the window.
113) 13) dialog: Looking up at helicopter.
116) 2) dialog: {barely looking up and wandering toward kitchen) I need some coffee. Dealer puts his arm around Henry and motions him toward the bedroom where they snort some coke and laugh. After snorting the coke, we see the Dealer give Henry a plastic package of heroin he has taken out of a paper bag on the dresser. Henry casually puts it in his jacket pocket.
122) 0) text: We see Karen hurriedly flushing heroin down the toilet upstairs while we hear FBI MEN at the door downstairs. We hear Michael and children's voices downstairs. We see Karen go to the bureau drawer and grab a small caliber gun, lift her dress and, grimacing, shove the cold metal into her underpants.
124) 0) text: We see Karen and Henry seated at a table in a visiting area. Henry is nervously looking around at the guards and whispering to Karen.
124) 3) dialog: (anxious ) James's calling every day. It's urgent.
125) 1) dialog: (her turn to be annoyed) At least James and Mickey want to help. I talk to Mickey every day. That's more than I can say for the rest. :
126) 1) dialog: I told James the cops took our cars and froze our bank accounts and he offered to get me some money. He wants to know what's happening. You gotta meet him:
127) 1) dialog: (annoyed and indicating the jail) Then you're safer in here.
127) 3) dialog: (worried) Who's gonna do that? (CONTINUED)
127) 7) dialog: Her face drops, but she's not sure.
129) 6) dialog: What are you talking about?
129) 8) dialog: (beginning to cry) I flushed it down the toilet.
129) 10) dialog: (erying anguish) What did you want me to do with it? They were all over the house.
129) 12) dialog: (crying) They had a warrant. They went through everything. They would have found it. I swear.
129) 14) dialog: (a primal screen) Oh no! No! WNoooo!
131) 1) dialog: I'm not going to run. Live the rest of our lives like rats. Is that what you want? Leave my mother. Leave my family. Never see anybody again.
131) 3) dialog: (angrily pulling away They're right. You are paranoid.
132) 5) dialog: He's okay. They sobered him up.
132) 7) dialog: James. I don't know. I got so much else on my mind. I got the kids. We got no money.
132) 9) dialog: He says he's too hot. He doesn't even know I came here today. It's like he's crazy, James.
132) 12) dialog: James just stood there on the Sidewalk. It felt funny. I Started walking down the block, but I noticed the stores were empty.
132) 17) dialog: I got a bad feeling. I just kept walking. cur TO:
132) 21) dialog: (very rattled) James, I'm in a hurry. I've got to pick up the kids at my mother's. I'll come back later. We see Karen hurry down the block past the stores.
133) 0) text: We see Karen's CAR SCREECH to a halt near the garage as Henry comes racing out of the house toward her. He has a gun pressed close to his side. We see Karen is frozen to the wheel in fear. She is visibly shaking, crying. We see Henry very gently pull her from behind the wheel. He has cradled her in his arms as, after a wary look around the street, Henry walks her toward the house.
133) 2) dialog: I got scared.
133) 4) dialog: (still in shock) I got scared. 149 117.
134) 24) dialog: I got dry cleaning. McDONALD We'll pick it up.
136) 0) text: Karen is now seated next to Henry on sofa. McDonald is leaning against the desk. In b.g., we see FBI men playing with the children. We see Henry and Karen's suitcases stacked near the sofa. McDONALD We'll sell your house here and apply the money to your new name.
136) 5) dialog: He's very bronchial.
138) 2) dialog: I don't want them left back. McDONALD They won't be left back. They'll stay in their grade.
138) 3) dialog: That's important.