65) 0) text: We see Janice showing off her new apartment to the giris, including SANDY, a sexy, dark-haired girl. We hear Henry, Tommy, Carbone and Manri laughing in b.g. The apartment is decorated in Ocean Parkway Ming. There are thick velvet-covered sofa and blue-glass ‘coffee table in bedroom and we see a satin-covered, king- size bed with a doll propped against the pillows. We see Janice lean over and show her girlfriends, including Sandy, the red ruffles.
67) 0) text: We see Janice suddenly lifted off her feet and thrown on the bed. We see Henry and the girls laughing. As Henry lifts Janice off her feet, he winks at Sandy, who smiles back. 58.
85) 1) text: mixing coke in metal bowl. We see Henry standing behind her. Sandy is an intense, sexy, 30-year-old, divorced, ex-airport clerk. (Sandy is described earlier in Scene #75, page 57, where. she flirts with Henry.) The apart- ment is a jumbled mess and even the table where she is cutting the drugs is littered with old coffee cups, newspapers, and day-old dirty dishes. (CONTINUED)
90) 4) dialog: Stay there. (CONTINUED)
90) 9) dialog: (licking Henry's finger and playfully pushing him into the chair) I hate to do dishes.
90) 11) dialog: (reaching over his shoulder toward his crotch) So do I.
91) 7) dialog: Are you okay? What happened?
119) 0) text: We see Henry watching Sandy mix the half-kilo of heroin with milk sugar, doubling the amount. There is silence between them. Henry looks at his watch. Sandy pauses for a moment and sniffs a line of coke she has cut on a mirror near the table. Henry snorts some coke, too. The table and room is a mess. Mixing bowls, scales, and sieves are strewn around the room. (CONTINUED)
119) 3) dialog: (getting angrier while mixing) I don't need this... You said tonight and now it's not tonight... ‘HENRY (watching the dope being mixed while stroking Sandy's neck and shoulders) It's okay. I'll make it up. I promise. Just hurry it up a little. Okay?
119) 4) dialog: (finishing the package with tape, and almost purring) Okay? We see Henry grab the two half-kilo packages off the table and start for the door. Sandy is startled.
119) 5) dialog: (shrieking) You bastard! Where are you going? We see Henry get out the door just before Sandy throws the scale at it. TITLE UP - 8:30 PM.