0) 4) dialog: (preening a little) Billy, how are you?
0) 6) dialog: (forcing a laugh) Hey, Billy. Watch the suit.
0) 12) dialog: Don't go busting my balls. Okay?
0) 15) dialog: (almost a threat) No more shines, Billy.
0) 21) dialog: I don't give a shit. The guy’s got no right.
0) 23) dialog: (trying to wrestle past Henry) He's insulting me. Rat bastard. He's never been any fuckin’ good.
0) 25) dialog: (te Henry) Keep him here. I'm going for a bag. Tommy roughly grabs his girl's arm and storms out.
0) 44) dialog: I didn't want to get blood on your floor.
1) 2) dialog: There's a shovel at my mother's.
2) 1) dialog: Sshhh. You'll wake ‘er up. (CONTINUED)
2) 2) text: Suddenly the light in the entryway goes on, and we see Tommy's MOTHER, in housecoat, beaming at her son and his friends.
3) 0) text: Finally on their way, Henry is driving. James, in the passenger's seat, and Tommy, in the rear seat, embracing the shovel, are dozing off. The sleepy HUMMING sound of WHEELS is suddenly interrupted by a THUMPING sound. At first, Henry thinks he has a flat, but the THUMPING is too irregular. James awakens. His eyes are on Henry. Tommy leans forward from the rear seat. Silence. THUMP! Silence.
4) 0) text: Car pulls off the road onto the grass. Henry, James and Tommy, still holding the shovel, get cut of the car.
4) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ! Miserable bastard! (CONTINUED)
4) 3) dialog: (raising the shovel) Can you believe this no-good fuck? The prick! He's still alive. Tommy suddenly smashes the shovel into the moving, bloody mattress cover. He smashes it again and again and again. Cursing Batts with every swing.
4) 4) dialog: Rat bastard. (swings shovel) No-good, low-life fuck. Tommy swings shovel again and again. Soon the mattress cover stops squirming and Tommy stops Swinging the shovel. He is exhausted. Tommy and James get back in the car. Henry is facing the open trunk. TILT UP and FREEZE ON Henry's face slamming the trunk shut.
20) 0) text: We see Henry busily selling. cartons to workers. Tommy is getting cartons out of the trunk of a car parked nearby. Henry is so busy he can hardly keep the money and cash straight. Instead of the neat roll we saw on James, Henry's cash is a wrinkled mess. Some of it is rolled, some folded, some in different pockets. We see Henry approached by two city DETECTIVES.
21) 0) text: We see Tommy talking to Tuddy and assorted hoods at the cabstand. . :
23) 21) dialog: (putting his arm around Sonny's shoulder) It's okay. Put it on the tab.
23) 26) dialog: (leaping from the table in a rage) You sonofabitch fuck. Are you calling me a deadbeat? The money I spent here? Embarrassing me in front of my friends. You miserable fuck. {turning to his pals) Can you believe this bastard? (back to terrified Sonny) Ungrateful fuck! I oughta break your fucking legs! We see Sonny Bunz flee toward his office, with Tommy making a half-hearted gesture to follow, but instead, he walks over and joins Henry, James and Frenchy at the bar. He is smiling.
28) 0) text: Henry, James and Tommy are standing around the small workman's table. There is no desk. The office looks denuded of furniture. A lawyer is going over papers. A terrified, unshaven Sonny Bunz is seated behind the desk. The lawyer is showing him where to sign.
28) 5) dialog: shoving wads of Sterno paper into the ceiling rafters.
29) 0) text: The street is empty. Henry and Tommy are seated in Henry's car. They are watching the Bunz Lounge. (CONTINUED)
29) 3) dialog: (to Henry) You gotta help me. Okay? This girl I told you about? Helene? She's from the Five Towns. She's Jewish. She won't go out with me alone. Can you believe this shit? She's fucking prejudiced, but she's built. She's never been out with an Italian before. She says she'll only go out on a double date with her girl friend. You believe this shit? But you gotta see her. I mean, she's beautiful. -
29) 5) dialog: Is it my fault she won't go out without her girl friend? For Chrissake. Come on. You don't even have to stay. Jeesuz! What's the big deal?
29) 8) dialog: watching smoke coming out of basement windows of Bunz Lounge.
29) 9) dialog: (back to conversation) I swear you don't have to do nothing. You. just show up and then leave. What do you think, I want you around? All I need is for you to get me started. We hear CAR ENGINE START.
30) 0) text: a red damask restaurant. Tommy and Henry are seated on the outside of.a U-shaped banquet with their two girls, Helene and Karen, seated inside. Helene is being wooed and pawed by a blissful Tommy. Helene is enjoying every bit of Tommy's undivided attention. (CONTINUED)
30) 6) dialog: (to Henry, while hugging Helene) Isn't she great? Isn't this great? Let's do it tomorrow night? Okay?
33) 0) text: We see Tommy, Helene and Karen seated at a table set for four.
37) 0) text: On loading platform we see Henry and Tommy dressed in Air France coveralls. Henry is carrying a large suitcase. Suddenly we see Frenchy McMahon come through a door, slip Henry a key and lead them back into the office area near the entrance. Henry goes to the door marked "SECURITY AREA” that Frenchy points out and opens it with the key. Henry and Tommy go inside.
37) 2) dialog: coming out with the suitcase, close the door and walk right past Frenchy without saying a word.
38) 0) text: We see the suitcase open on the desk. We see Cicero, James, Henry and Tommy standing around, wreathed in smiles. Henry is counting stacks of cash, spreading them all over the desk.
49) 0) text: Paulie Cicero, Frenchy, Morris Kessler, Tommy DeVito, and all of their wives and fiancees are present. PAN FROM Henry's and Karen's parents sitting uneasily at different tables.
53) 0) dialog: who is carrying a brown paper bag as though it were a gun, pulling a driver out of his truck and shoving him toward another hood who pushes him into the rear seat of a car where we see another hood.
53) 4) dialog: getting into the truck.
56) 0) text: We see James and Mickey and Henry and Karen and Tuddy and wife, Tommy and girlfriend, Morris and Karen Kessler, Franky Carbone and wife and the assorted children, all wearing party hats and blowing out the candles on nine- year-old James Conway Jr.'s huge layer cake.
58) 3) dialog: smashing gun into Bill Batt's head.
58) 13) dialog: smashing shovel into soft, bloodied mattress cover in the trunk of the car.
59) 0) text: We. see Tommy, Henry and James burying Batts.
60) 10) dialog: What are you talking about?
64) 0) text: A hot summer night. The car trunk is open. Henry, James and Tommy are struggling with shovels. Henry, sickened by the stench, is wearing his handkerchief over his nose and mouth. Henry looks at James and Tommy. They do not appear to be bothered by.the stench. 74 75 76 7 57. EXT. HENRY AND KAREN’S SUBURBAN HOME 74 Henry is hosing out the trunk of his car. . He has all of the mats, the spare tire, and jack out of the trunk.
65) 0) text: We see Janice showing off her new apartment to the giris, including SANDY, a sexy, dark-haired girl. We hear Henry, Tommy, Carbone and Manri laughing in b.g. The apartment is decorated in Ocean Parkway Ming. There are thick velvet-covered sofa and blue-glass ‘coffee table in bedroom and we see a satin-covered, king- size bed with a doll propped against the pillows. We see Janice lean over and show her girlfriends, including Sandy, the red ruffles.
66) 0) text: Henry is strangling the owner of a bridal shop with his own tie while Tommy and James laugh.
68) 0) text: Glazed walls, ornate sconces, and a rumpus room bar. Henry, James, Tommy and other wiseguys are playing cards. Tommy is a little drunk. Spider, a 22-year-old apprentice hood, is waiting on the players, bringing them drinks. The sort of thing we saw Henry doing earlier. Tommy is feeling expansive. He throws his jacket open to reveal a gun tucked in his belt.
68) 1) dialog: (impatiently) Spider. C'mon, get me a seven and seven. We see Spider deliver a drink to Henry and slowly back toward the bar.
68) 2) dialog: Spider. What did I say? Did I say I was dying over here? Come on. Move it. Don't walk, dance. (to his fellow players) Did you ever see in the cowboy movies where they make them dance? Did you see The Oklahoma Kid, the only cowboy movie Cagney ever made? Come on, dance, you varmit. We see Tommy taking out his guns.
68) 4) dialog: Yahooo.
68) 6) dialog: No, no. It's okay.
68) 8) dialog: No. It's okay. Just watch this. Watch it. The GUN EXPLODES and we see Spider shot in the foot. 79 80 59.
70) 4) dialog: Hey! Look at this. Fred Astaire, back from the wars. Can you believe this guy? That bandage. It's bigger than his foot. Spider ignores him. The card game is going on. Shirts are unbuttoned. The table filled with empty glasses.. Spider limps over with drinks.
70) 5) dialog: Spider. You're so full of shit. Even with that food, I bet you can dance. Spider puts the drinks down and tries to ignore Tommy again.
70) 6) dialog: Come on, Spider. Come on. Let's see you dance.
78) 0) text: Tommy, Morris Kessler, Joe Manri, Stacks Edwards, Frenchy McMahon, etc., are all having drinks with Henry before he goes off to prison. We see by the bar clock that it is four o'clock. Suddenly, Karen comes charging into the bar. She is angry. She has tracked Henry down.
78) 7) dialog: Say hello to James. Henry gets in the rear seat of the limo.
86) 10) dialog: Who's buying? We see Henry's thumb run through the tightly-stacked twenties like piano keys.
88) 0) text: a seedy mob hangout. We see all of the wiseguys who will be a part of the Lufthansa robbery. Morris, Henry, Tommy, and James are watching a basketbail game.
88) 5) dialog: who are leaning with their backs against the bar, their jackets open, bosses of all they survey.
94) 1) dialog: Hey! Stacks! Come on! Open the door! Wake up!
94) 6) dialog: (to Franky) Put on a pot.
94) 9) dialog: pulling out a .38 caliber gun with a silencer from his belt.
94) 19) text: As. Henry ‘hugs Tomny. “they” hear a KNOCK at ‘the ‘door. Startled, Henry, Tommy, and James stare atthe. door. a second and leave the back room. oe oe
94) 41) text: We see Morris, dJamés long night.” We see Mo: James" ears.” : Tommy. leaving t the bar after the ris lean. over and whisper: ' in “JAMES (bursts ‘out. Laughing) - ‘Son of a. bitch. You're @ pisser. (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: We see Tommy is all dressed. He kisses his mother. Tommy walks down the stairs toward two wiseguys and into a waiting. car.