4) 18) text: Suddenly Tuddy Vario and hoods see that PAUL CICERO, the boss, is standing in the cabstand's doorway. Cicero is a large man, standing six-feet tall and weighing over 240 pounds. He appears even larger.
8) 0) text: Tuddy is folding and placing long sheets with policy bets into a brown paper bag. In the b.g., we see hoods going through boxes of stolen orange and blue cardigan sweaters Henry waits at Tuddy's side until Tuddy finishes making a notation on a slip of paper. Tuddy holds the paper bag in his hands and...
8) 1) dialog: (to Henry, with a smile) Okay.
11) 1) dialog: What happened to you?
11) 5) dialog: Whadda you mean, you can't make any more deliveries? You're going to fuck up everything?
13) 0) text: Tuddy Vario is standing in front of a pizza oven. Henry watches the Hoods shove the Mailman against the side of the oven. We see Paul Cicero in the b.g.
13) 1) dialog: (pointing to Henry) You know this kid?
14) 0) text: Tuddy.-and Heary running in the. rain.to Paulie’s house. HENRY (V.0.) *. ‘Paulie hated phones... He wouldn't * . have one in his house. . *
15) 0) text: We see Tuddy in his car, hand Henry a hammer, some rags, and a five gallon can of gasoline.
15) 1) dialog: (driving away) I'll be up at the corner. We see Henry BREAK the WINDOWS of about six cars parked facing the sidewalk.
17) 2) dialog: (from rear of store, to Henry) Close the door. Don't let him in, Henry grabs a chair, takes it outside for the man to sit on. and closes the pizzeria door. The man collapses in the seat and Henry immediately starts wrapping the man's shredded and bleeding hand in his apron. The man is turning white and praying.
17) 5) dialog: (angry) You're some fucking jerk. We see that Henry is stunned.
17) 6) dialog: You wasted eight fucking aprons on - that guy.
18) 0) text: Henry is making a ham and cheese sandwich. CAMERA TRACKING THROUGH room full of people playing cards, THROUGH professional card dealers skittering cards across green felt tables, THROUGH bodyguards watching the door, THROUGH Tuddy Vario walking around the tables, THROUGH Paul Cicero standing quietly on the side, THROUGH Henry giving the sandwich to one of the players.
21) 0) text: We see Tommy talking to Tuddy and assorted hoods at the cabstand. . :
56) 0) text: We see James and Mickey and Henry and Karen and Tuddy and wife, Tommy and girlfriend, Morris and Karen Kessler, Franky Carbone and wife and the assorted children, all wearing party hats and blowing out the candles on nine- year-old James Conway Jr.'s huge layer cake.