3) 17) dialog: (tonelessly) Whoop-di fuckin' do.
3) 30) dialog: Like a twelve year old's dick. (Alt: Like a turd in the pool.)
3) 34) dialog: My pleasure.
3) 40) text: As COLIN leaves the office, looking very satisfied and no little saturnine (it's not as if he isn't pleased by recognition and it's not as if he won't get revenge on Dignam), he barely glances--and does not actually see--th TRAINEE sitting off to one side. He sees polished brogues and walks on.
3) 65) text: BILLY has no idea why he is in this room with the brass. Sgt. Dignam is staring at him aggressively, with contempt stirring his coffee. DIGNAM is more intelligent than he seems.
3) 72) dialog: Whoa, let's say you have no idea and leave it there. No idea. Zip, none. If you had an idea about what we do we would not be good at what we do. We would be cunts. Are you calling us cunts?
3) 73) text: BILLY wouldn't normally take crap from this guy; but he d He's openly intrigued by the situation. Dignam is staring him. BILLY looks evenly at QUEENAN.
3) 77) dialog: (getting to business, hard) You have family connections down in Southie. Through your father. Tell us about your uncle Jackie.
3) 81) dialog: Uncle Jackie was a small-time bookie who tended bar at the Vets in Somerville.
3) 89) dialog: He got popped by Nicastro in '95. They found his body out by the airport.
3) 94) dialog: (cruelly) Closed casket?
3) 98) dialog: You tell anybody at Deerfield - that is, before you got kicked out for whaling on a gym teacher with a folding chair - you had an uncle met his demise like that?
3) 101) dialog: I got a question. How fucked up are you?
3) 129) text: BILLY is still at attention. DIGNAM going with wet thumb through papers.
3) 131) dialog: Let's look at the rest of the family tree. Your maggot uncle Tommy Costigan--he's another goof-- got busted selling guns to federal officers. Among many, many, many other departures from, ah, "normative behavior".
3) 136) dialog: Why are you pretending to be a cop?
4) 35) text: DIGNAM still working Billy.
4) 37) dialog: Your old man was a hump from Southie. Baggage-handler at the airport. Family's all criminals except your old man.
4) 41) dialog: I ain't sure about him, either. (ALT: Last I heard he was happily married to a 12 year old boy and living on a beach in Thailand.) Family's dug into the Southie projects like ticks. Lifers down there. Three decker men at best. You grew up, however, up the North shore. La di (fuckin') da.
4) 42) text: Dignam leans over Billy.
4) 44) dialog: You were kind of a double kid, I bet, right? One kid with your old man. One kid with your mother. Upper middle class in the week, and then dropping your 'r's and hanging in the Southie projects with daddy the donkey on the weekends. I got that right?
4) 56) dialog: You have different accents? You did, didn't you. (You little fuckin' snake.) You were different fuckin' people.
4) 60) dialog: If I was I'd ask you why you're a Statie making thirty grand a year. And I think if I were Sigmund fucking Freud himself I wouldn't get an answer. So tell me, what's a lace curtain motherfucker like you doing in the Staties?
4) 67) text: SGT. DIGNAM (although he knows perfectly well who Hawthor is) makes a fart-noise with his mouth. BILLY looks at him with an "I'm going to kill you" expression which is not without wit and which Dignam seems to admire.
4) 69) dialog: What's the matter, smartass? You don't know any fuckin' Shakespeare?
4) 73) dialog: A lot of em just want to slam a nigger's head through a plate glass window.
4) 84) dialog: (after a "we got a live one" glance at Queenan) What the fuck did you say to me, trainee?
4) 89) dialog: Hey asshole, he can't help you. I know what you are, and what you aren't. I'm the best friend you ever had on the face of the earth. I'm gonna help you understand something: You're no fuckin' cop.
4) 97) dialog: Guaranteed.
6) 45) dialog: Luck of the Irish. All that and you're still young enough to fuck undergraduates.
6) 49) dialog: Given your nature.
6) 53) dialog: I need you, pal. You've already pretended to be a Costigan from South Boston.
6) 58) dialog: Perfect.
6) 102) text: On the wall is a rogues gallery of COSTELLO and all his primary guys...MISTER FRENCH, DELAHUNT, FITZY. COLIN and others sitting listening. COLIN, reading a paper (Boston Herald) which may or may not have the headline, CASE DROP AGAINST DRUGS CADET (featuring a picture of Billy), looks as SGT. DIGNAM comes in.
6) 104) dialog: Sorry I'm late.
6) 108) dialog: OK. They're out there, my people. They're like the fuckin' Indians. You're not gonna see them. You're not gonna hear about them except through me or Captain Queenan. You will not, ever, know the identity of undercover people. This shit hole, unfortunately, has more fuckin' leaks than the Iraqi navy.
6) 112) dialog: I'm tired from fucking your wife.
6) 116) dialog: Good. She's tired from fucking my father. (opens a FILE) OK, today, girls, what I got for you is microprocessors.
6) 128) dialog: Somebody, as you may already know, stole one hundred microprocessors from the Mass Processor Corp out Route 128. They're the kind of processors they put into computers that can put a cruise missile up the ass of a camel from the other side of the planet. That's what they do out there on "America's Technology Highway". Worth a hundred grand apiece. Guy worked for the company two months walked out the door with a box of processors on Tuesday, has a ticket booked for Florida on Wednesday, but on Thursday he gets found in a dumpster. You know where this dirt ball started his life? Southie projects.
6) 132) dialog: Myles Kennefick. Got the job with a forged UMass transcript. UMass Boston, which incidentally happens to be in...
6) 136) dialog: Who forged your transcript, dickhead?
6) 152) dialog: We got a guy says that   he hears Costello is moving the   processors to China...that he set   up the whole fuckin' job and popped   Kennefick. (LAZIO is writing, lawyerish.) You don't want to miss   it if Costello takes a dump.
6) 158) dialog: Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe fuck yourself. My theory on Feds is they're like mushrooms. Feed 'em shit and keep in the dark. You girls have a nice day.
11) 1) text: QUEENAN and STAFF SGT. DIGNAM are listening to the live broadcast. QUEENAN is benign. Lights of equipment in his specs.
13) 3) dialog: That was quick. He dead already?
18) 65) text: BILLY leans against the wall of a concession stand. His knuckles are cut. A cut over his eye. He is agitated. Smoking. A car pulls up and Queenan and Dignam get out of In appearance, if anybody's watching, they're bracing Bil
18) 69) dialog: You think you can pop someone. There's no special card to play. The guy whose jaw you broke was Boston Police Department.
18) 73) dialog: Most of the people in the world do it every day. What's the big deal?
18) 74) text: Dignam is drinking coffee.
18) 78) dialog: You're nobody. You signed the paper. We're the only people in the world who know that you're a cop. Maybe we'll just erase your file.
18) 90) dialog: And zip, you're a soldier for Costello, open to arrest for how many felonies? Maybe we'll do that.
18) 93) text: He gets free of DIGNAM and punches him.
18) 97) dialog: Just because you play a fucking tough guy doesn't mean you are one, you lace curtain fucking pussy.
18) 108) text: BILLY nods, out of it. DIGNAM is looking at blood on his hands in disbelief.
18) 119) dialog: Well. That would stick...
18) 127) dialog: Keep your ears opened.   No bullshit.
31) 27) dialog: (like Queenan, an observer of Ellerby's operation) Why the fuck did they turn off their phones?
31) 31) dialog: Where?
31) 43) dialog: This is unbelievable. (looking at screens) Fuck it, who put the cameras in the fucking place?
31) 56) dialog: I'm the guy who does his job. You must be the other guy.
37) 25) dialog: I can't wait to wipe that fuckin' smirk off your face.
39) 1) text: DIGNAM is alone. We see Queenan's empty desk in a fall of light. We see Dignam's arm, wrist, phone, an expensive he watch.
39) 14) dialog: Queenan had a funeral to go to. This is my shift. Calm down.
40) 5) dialog: He's not here.
40) 9) dialog: And how do we do that Mr... fucking genius who didn't even graduate the academy?
40) 13) dialog: Are you deaf? He's not here. Call me when you get something real.
46) 33) text: He comes up to Queenan's door just as Dignam comes out. DIGNAM faces COLIN down.
46) 37) dialog: Yeah, I run rat fucks like you.   I don't like them.
46) 41) dialog: Fuck yourself.
46) 45) dialog: Blow me. Not literally, there's no promotion in it for ya.
48) 1) text: MUGSHOTS of all of Costello's guys. He looks at them desperately...no one squares up with the blurred, impossi images he saw on the CCTV screen (which he has printed out).COLIN closes the curtains on his fishbowl office (no fast enough to avoid seeing Dignam give him the finger), locks his door. He picks up the phone.
65) 70) text: All hands present. Dignam is in a black silent rage.
65) 76) dialog: A better question is why your fuckers were following him.
65) 80) dialog: Why?
65) 83) text: DIGNAM grabs COLIN by the neck and runs him into a wall. COLIN gets a palm under Dignam's chin and comes close to breaking his neck. The men at length are separated. COLIN straightens his good clothes.
65) 95) dialog: That's a fucking lie.
65) 99) dialog: I don't have the password.   Why don't you come down to the garage...
65) 102) text: DIGNAM hits COLIN in the face. COLIN goes down hard, into crook of a file cabinet and the wall. Blood from his mout
65) 104) dialog: No one calls me a liar. Especially when I'm lying.
65) 108) dialog: Leave of what?
65) 112) dialog: I'll hand in my papers first.
65) 127) dialog: Good.
70) 4) text: COLIN enters, tired from a debriefing. Applause from ever in the office--the full crew. COLIN is embarrassed by the attention. BROWN is leading the whole team to a standing ovation. COLIN looks past the heads of the crowd and sees Dignam, staring at him evenly.
77) 39) text: COLIN has a bag of expensive groceries and wine. Living t Beacon Hill dream. He climbs the steps slowly. He nods to neighbor, an old lady coming down with her dog (who incidentally will never accept him as a neighbor, and COL briefly seems aware of this). (Don't be afraid to get a b French here). He gets to his door, and starts to cry, and nearly crumples. But he gets the door open. He looks up a sees a gun. Behind it, stepping fast out of the shadows, DIGNAM. Avenging a guy he didn't even like, because it's right thing to do. COLIN looks down and sees that Dignam plastic hospital boots on his feet.
77) 42) text: DIGNAM fires. Flash groceries fall all over the floor. DIGNAM'S FEET step over COLIN's body, crushing one of a h dozen croissants, and DIGNAM goes down the expensive staircase, leaving the door to the apartment open. The strangest thing happens: a rat emerges and begins to eat dead man's croissants. The rat hears something and runs s it's not in the shot when it