2) 3) dialog: What the fuck...hey!
2) 6) dialog: Not in my fuckin' place... get out... get out!
3) 7) dialog: And keep the fuck out-a-here. I know your face.
3) 10) dialog: And you scumbag...what did I tell you 'bout passin' that shit in my
6) 34) dialog: 
6) 40) dialog: Too bad.
6) 128) dialog: Which one, the big tab or the little tab?
6) 132) dialog: 
11) 14) dialog: Yeah, in the back.
11) 17) dialog: 
12) 13) dialog: Excuse us Jimmy, we'll only be a moment.
12) 15) dialog: S'alright Tony.
12) 23) dialog: Keep quiet about this. I don't have any license for him yet. I've only had him a couple of days. Nobody can feed him except me. I'm the only one he trusts. Watch.
12) 31) dialog: 
12) 55) dialog: 
12) 86) dialog: 
12) 93) dialog: We'll close up as soon as everybody leaves.
12) 115) dialog: No.
14) 18) dialog: Don't run...don't run. Everyone split up.
41) 31) dialog: How much?
41) 35) dialog: Can you spare it?
41) 39) dialog: 
42) 3) dialog: Hey Charlie. Get in.
42) 20) dialog: Yeah.
45) 1) text: TONY enters the bathroom, turns on the light and locks th door. Party noises can be heard in the background TONY is wearing an overcoat and is dressed as a World War I "doug boy". Atop his head is a mask, the features of which can' be seen. He opens the coat to reveal twenty packets of re Jello. He turns on the hot water in the bathtub and slowl begins to empty each packet of Jello into the tub of stea water.  CUT TO: 
45) 3) text: Most of the characters that were at the club the other ni are present at the party. Many of them are dressed in sem masquerade outfits. Some are wearing soldiers' uniforms. One wears a sheet made up to be a Roman Toga. The girls a in costumes also. All of the costumes are makeshift. MICHAEL is made up as Dracula, sporting a large cape, sem tuxedo-type suit, and a drop of blood on the corner of hi mouth. His hair is slicked back to give him a "Bela Lugos look. He is showing a picture of a girl to one of the boy proudly proclaiming that she is his latest conquest. TONY comes out of the bathroom and passes by. He takes the pho from MICHAEL. Group attention focuses on TONY now. He stares at the picture, holds it away from him, then close to his face, then sideways and finally upside-down.  TERESA
45) 10) text: Suddenly, the doorbell rings and everyone looks up. The door opens and CHARLIE appears, arms outstretched, dresse as the ressurected Christ - with white robes, fake beard hair, and artificial wounds. His arms stretch out wider. The initial shock wears off and TONY greets him.  TONY (SMILING)
45) 14) text: They all laugh. The rock music blares as CHARLIE walks to and fro blessing all in the room. TONY is delighted with the scene. CHARLIE sits at the kitchen table, TONY opposi him, and the others gather around. The party is getting noisier. TONY gives CHARLIE a glass of ice cubes. CHARLIE plays the part of a priest, during the Mass when the chal is filled with wine and water, TONY pours the scotch over his fingers first. 
45) 15) text: CHARLIE lifts his hands to touch the bottle as a priest would. He signifies that there is enough in the glass. TONY then repeats the same ritual with a bottle of soda-w  CHARLIE
45) 16) text: May God be with you.  TONY
45) 19) text: Everyone drinks after repeating the toast. The crowd arou them begins to break up as CHARLIE and TONY begin to have fun with each other. TONY pulls down his mask, revealing skeleton death face which covers his own face except for mouth. It completes the Dough-boy uniform quite well.  TONY
45) 25) text: 'My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world my followers would have fought that I might not be delivered to the Jews. But, as it is my kingdom is not from here.'  TONY
45) 28) text: TONY leans over towards CHARLIE.  TONY
45) 30) text: The others around them give mock applause. TONY smiles an nods his head to them. CHARLIE laughs. They drink. Someon hits CHARLIE on the back of the head. CHARLIE startled, looks up.  TONY
46) 14) text: I'll tell you who you can pray for... Next payday, I'll be at Tony's Place...Johnny better show or I find him and break his legs...and I mean it.  CHARLIE
46) 27) text: The doorbell rings and TONY answers it. It is TERESA and she looks very worried. 
49) 17) text: That's what I get for getting involved. Look, on pay-day at least show up at Tony's Place to meet him, ok? This way he doesn't think that you're trying to screw him. If you show good faith and save his face maybe we can talk and he'll take off the interest or make different payment arrangements or something... understand? I'm not asking I'm telling you!!  JOHNNY BOY
55) 1) text: CHARLIE, JOHNNY, TONY and JIMMY are driving along in TONY car. As they talk, a derelict takes advantage of a red light to wipe their windshield. 
55) 3) text: TONY rolls up the window and rolls the car forward a bit force the derelict out of the way.  TONY
55) 5) text: No - by Bedford.  TONY
55) 22) text: (under his breath) SCUMBAG--  TONY
55) 48) text: JIMMY swings at JOEY. A fight breaks out. JIMMY, CHARLIE, TONY and JOHNNY BOY are beaten. CHARLIE, not badly hurt manages to calm everything down. The police arrive to bre up the fight. People look iin as the two cops walk into t bar. The boys stop fighting immediately as they see the cops. 
55) 69) text: They reach the car. TONY heads in first behind the wheel.  TONY
55) 72) text: You got no honor Tony. Charge! 
55) 77) text: The lead guitarist holds his guitar out like a machine gu and strums frantically on it swinging it back and forth a the audience and then at the rest of the group. As he doe so, the rest of the group falls "dead" over their instrum The number is over and they all get up. The place is empt except for CHARLIE, TONY, and a few others, all of whom h been listening to the band. They applaude.  CUT TO: 
55) 89) text: CHARLIE is calling TERESA. The rock group is taking a bre before their evening performance and they can be heard breaking up the session in the background. TONY and the others are getting the tables ready.  CHARLIE
66) 29) text: CHARLIE takes a drink. JOHNNY BOY sits at the bar. The place is beginning to empty and the show is over. CHARLIE takes TONY aside.  CHARLIE
67) 17) text: TONY sets up drinks for them and pours them into shot gla 
67) 22) text: A young couple, two of the few people left in the place, having a hushed quarrel at the end of the bar. The boy leaves for the men's room.  CHARLIE (TO TONY)
67) 23) text: Who's the girl?  TONY
67) 28) text: She don't look Jewish.  TONY
67) 55) text: He is holding her so tightly that she is doubling over in pain. The BOY, although he is scared, lunges at CHARLIE. There is a brief scuffle which TONY breaks up.  CUT TO: 
67) 60) text: MICHAEL has entered the club. The BOY and GIRL are gone. TONY is with CHARLIE and JOHNNY BOY, whose return went unnoticed.  MICHAEL
67) 79) text: You don't have the guts to use that...be seeing you Charlie, Tony, and of course you John...be seeing you. 
67) 81) text: JOHNNY BOY is still frozen with the gun in his hand, poin it at mid-air. CHARLIE slams JOHNNY BOY across the face with his fist. TONY takes the gun from his hand.  CHARLIE
67) 83) text: He hits JOHNNY BOY again.  TONY (HOLDING GUN)
67) 88) text: Hide the gun. Throw it away. Anything. Listen, I gotta borrow your car...I think we should take a ride...away from here for the night...you know what I mean?  TONY (RELUCTANTLY)
67) 116) text: A barage of bullets (5 gunshots) hit CHARLIE'S car. CHARL is hit in the hand. JOHNNY BOY has been hit in the throat He stands up and leans over the windshield of the car, spewing blood onto it and into the wind. He is screaming. The black sedan turns onto another street.  CUT TO:  TONY'S CONVERTIBLE 
70) 3) text: TONY is relieving himself. He washes his hands.  CUT TO:  NEIGHBORHOOD STREET 
73) 1) text: TONY'S car. He is driving CHARLIE to the airport. A suitcase can be seen in the back seat.  TONY
73) 3) text: Kennedy.  TONY
73) 5) text: It's an open ticket. I can go anywhere up to $350.  TONY
73) 7) text: So I'll send you a postcard from wherever. If I get there.  TONY
73) 9) text: Yeah.  TONY
73) 18) text: Hey, come on...  TONY
73) 20) text: Yeah, well thanks, but I got enough to hold me. My mother can send me some. I don't know.  TONY
73) 22) text: (trying not to be impatient) Listen, I appreciate it, but I'll handle it myself. I'll write.  TONY
74) 1) text: The TWA terminal at Kennedy. TONY'S car pulls up to the curb, CHARLIE gets out, waves away help from an idle port and pulls his suitcases out of the back seat. TONY leans across the seat toward him.  TONY
74) 4) text: CHARLIE breaks away from the handshake and grabs TONY affectionately behind the neck.  CHARLIE
74) 8) text: Panther! Same thing...  TONY
74) 10) text: Sure. And you're gonna take the vows next Tuesday, right.  TONY (LAUGHS)
74) 12) text: TONY gives CHARLIE'S hand a last slap, then gets back beh the wheel.  TONY