23) 1) dialog: Under the contract, thanks to Jimmy Hoffa, management can only fire a driver on specific charges.
24) 0) text: Frank sits with Teamster lawyer Bill Bufalino, whose daughter's wedding Frank and Russell will drive across three states to attend 25 years later.
24) 1) dialog: Ever show up late?
24) 3) dialog: Any moving violations?
24) 5) dialog: You drink on the job?
24) 7) dialog: Ever hit anybody?
24) 9) dialog: Yeah.
24) 12) dialog: Can they prove it?
24) 14) dialog: Then no. They regard each other.
24) 15) dialog: If they could prove it, all they’re going to want from you is names. Accomplices. You could keep your job and walk away. Would you give them names to keep your job?
24) 17) dialog: You know I don’t care if you did it or not.
24) 19) dialog: It makes no difference to me. I’m here to defend you. Right?
24) 21) dialog: (whispers) But did you? Frank isn’t sure if he’s supposed to admit it or not to his lawyer. Eventually -
25) 0) text: At the plaintiff's table - the Food Fair lawyers. At the defense table - Frank and his lawyer, Bill Bufalino, who addresses the judge -
25) 1) dialog: Your Honor, if this were about right and wrong, the company would have sought Mr. Sheeran’s dismissal. They didn’t. They only brought charges against Mr. Sheeran because the company hoped that he would name the conspirators he couldn’t give them because they don’t exist. They don’t exist because he never stole anything. He never stole anything because he’s an exemplary employee who in eight years has never taken a day of sick leave. (MORE)
25) 3) dialog: The only rule he ever broke was his own union’s, by helping others carry sides of beef from his truck to their refrigerators in the dead of winter. With that and all else he’s heard, the judge renders judgement -
26) 0) text: ANGELO BRUNO, humble-looking and simply dressed is seated at a table with Skinny Razor when Frank and Bill Bufalino walk in. Skinny whispers something to Bruno.
26) 4) dialog: Frank, this is my cousin, Russell Bufalino. Frank recognizes Russell Bufalino as the man who helped him with his truck.
26) 10) dialog: Yeah. He knows everything about trucks. He worked for Canada Dry. Frank looks over to where Russell is being seated.
28) 0) text: Dinner’s over. Russell has joined Bill, Frank and Skinny Razor for coffee and anisette at Bill Bufalino’s table. Bill and Skinny Razor are talking about Skinny ducking a subpoena.
44) 0) text: Frank and Mary's daughter, DOLORES, is being baptized. Unlike the last time, there are a lot of attendees - mobsters from Downtown including Russell, Carrie, Bill Bufalino, his wife, Johnny the trucker, Skinny Razor and other assorted blue collar truckers and part time hoods. Peggy watches her father, all she sees is the image of her father’s heel crushing a hand.
85) 9) dialog: We would appreciate anything you can do to help Jake along on this.
85) 11) dialog: Whatever you can do Jimmy. Hoffa waves at Bill.
86) 0) text: Frank and Bill open a large ebony credenza with an elaborate Chinese design. Bill opens the credenza to reveal stacks of cash in neat bank banded units reading: $10,000, $50,000, etc. Bill rummages around the stacks until he piles twelve stacks marked $100,000 into Frank’s arms.
89) 0) text: Russell in the curtain shop checking bolts of cloth talking with his cousin, Bill.
89) 3) dialog: He'd be glad to hear that.
98) 0) text: CAMERA looks down from above as upon a chessboard where Hoffa, Bill Bufalino and Frank inch their way across the courthouse’s polished marble floor surrounded by a small army of reporters, cameramen, and TV anchors waving microphones. The press keep shouting questions at Hoffa and his trio until they are finally rescued by burly Court Officers who shove the press aside and drag Hoffa, Frank and Bill through a courtroom door.
104) 10) dialog: It'll blow over, Jimmy.
104) 12) dialog: Jimmy, please, calm down. Some of the old timers are trying to reach the old man Kennedy now. He’s supposed to be sick, but... Hoffa 56
104) 14) dialog: Oh shit! You can’t blame anybody for that.
124) 0) text: With the jury out of the room, attorney Bill Bufalino - the same Teamster attorney who represented Frank in his trucking theft case - appeals to Judge William Miller to have a case thrown out - this one against Hoffa.
124) 1) dialog: Your Honor, Mr. Hoffa was advised by counsel that it was perfectly legal for his wife to be part owner of a trucking business. Still, when the McClellan Committee challenged its legality, she immediately withdrew from the company. Among the spectators, and there aren’t that many beyond some print journalists, is a young man in a raincoat.
124) 2) dialog: This should have been the end of the matter. There has been no indictment secured against my client in thirteen grand juries. The nut in the raincoat walks down the aisle toward the defense and prosecution tables - 64
124) 3) dialog: Your Honor, this is an example of a personal vendetta against my client and his family by a frustrated Justice Department and Attorney General, Robert Kennedy - The nut pushes open the gate, pulls out a gun, points it at Jimmy, who rushes him, grabs him. The gun - a pellet gun - goes off and everyone scrambles for cover as Jimmy wrestles the guy to the floor. Jimmy's adopted son/bodyguard, Chuckie O’Brien - who looks Italian because he is - jumps over the railing and beats the guy in the head until the marshals get there and take over. Jimmy is thrilled with Chuckie -
140) 0) text: A glass partition separates Jimmy from his lawyer Bill Bufalino and his pension fund lawyer, ALLEN DORFMAN. They’re on the visitor phones. 70
163) 0) text: Jimmy's lawyer, Bill Bufalino, stands with his client before reporters and photographers as he’s released from prison.
198) 0) text: Teamster lawyer Bill Bufalino - who represented Frank against the meat packing company long ago - and Hoffa in Nashville - escorts his daughter down the aisle. The church is packed with friends and relatives of the bride and groom, union and mob guys, Russell and Carrie with Frank and Irene. Frank just stares straight ahead.