3) 2) text: Business in Russell's case means one thing: collecting money. So we'd drive. Him and his wife Carrie and me and Irene.
4) 0) text: While his wife Irene talks on the kitchen phone to Russell’s wife Carrie about what to wear, Frank marks towns on a AAA map of the eastern states that he knows Russell will want to stop.
5) 0) text: Frank drives along a city street with Russell in front, the women in back, Carrie putting on some lipstick.
5) 1) dialog: Can we stop soon?
5) 3) dialog: You won't stop on the highway.
5) 5) dialog: Then we'll smoke in the car.
5) 7) dialog: I’1l crack the window.
5) 9) dialog: And I can’t smoke in the car?
6) 0) text: While Irene and Carrie sit on a guard rail smoking, Russell leans on the hood looking off at cars and trucks driving past. Frank comes over.
32) 0) text: Russell comes in late at night through the back door into the darkened house. He’s surprised by Carrie who is still up. He’s got blood splattered on his shirt and face, which does not alarm her as it might most wives.
32) 1) dialog: What happened? Russell gives her a look.
32) 2) dialog: Go get washed and give me the shirt, I’1l put it in the wash. He takes off the bloody shirt and hands it to her. 18
32) 3) dialog: Don’t forget your shoes. As Carrie goes off to wash his shirt, Russell bends down to remove his bloodied shoes. He sets a gun down.
33) 1) dialog: Can we stop, Frank?
44) 0) text: Frank and Mary's daughter, DOLORES, is being baptized. Unlike the last time, there are a lot of attendees - mobsters from Downtown including Russell, Carrie, Bill Bufalino, his wife, Johnny the trucker, Skinny Razor and other assorted blue collar truckers and part time hoods. Peggy watches her father, all she sees is the image of her father’s heel crushing a hand.
68) 0) text: Russell and his wife Carrie, along with Frank and his second wife, Irene, and his two older daughters, Peggy and Maryanne - bowl. 32 Peggy - about 10 now - and even more uncomfortable with him - keeps her distance.
139) 0) text: As a shopgirl wraps the sterling silver gifts Irene and Carrie have chosen in silver wedding paper, Russell talks with the store owner with Frank at his side -
161) 0) text: Frank washes his hands in the men’s room. Comes out and past Russell on a pay phone. 83 He can’t be sure but it seems Russell maybe stops talking to whoever he’s talking to until Frank is out of earshot. He joins Irene and Carrie at a table.
186) 0) text: Carrie and Irene sit alone at the best table in the restaurant, sipping cocktails and smoking like you used to be able to do.
198) 0) text: Teamster lawyer Bill Bufalino - who represented Frank against the meat packing company long ago - and Hoffa in Nashville - escorts his daughter down the aisle. The church is packed with friends and relatives of the bride and groom, union and mob guys, Russell and Carrie with Frank and Irene. Frank just stares straight ahead.