3) 2) text: Business in Russell's case means one thing: collecting money. So we'd drive. Him and his wife Carrie and me and Irene.
4) 0) text: While his wife Irene talks on the kitchen phone to Russell’s wife Carrie about what to wear, Frank marks towns on a AAA map of the eastern states that he knows Russell will want to stop.
6) 0) text: While Irene and Carrie sit on a guard rail smoking, Russell leans on the hood looking off at cars and trucks driving past. Frank comes over.
64) 0) text: Frank walks down a rain-slicked Downtown street with the Villa di Roma waitress - Irene - stepping on reflections of lights and neon signs on the wet pavement.
67) 0) text: Russell waits in the Lincoln, Frank comes out of the jewelry store with another envelope. Russell adds it to the others in the glove compartment and turns to give his wife and Irene two small gold brooches.
68) 0) text: Russell and his wife Carrie, along with Frank and his second wife, Irene, and his two older daughters, Peggy and Maryanne - bowl. 32 Peggy - about 10 now - and even more uncomfortable with him - keeps her distance.
97) 0) text: Christmas Eve. Lights glow on a tree. Music on the hifi. The Bufalinos, and Frank and Irene and the girls sit around the Christmas tree, opening the gifts Russell has given them - jewelry for Irene, clothes and toys for the girls.
139) 0) text: As a shopgirl wraps the sterling silver gifts Irene and Carrie have chosen in silver wedding paper, Russell talks with the store owner with Frank at his side -
161) 0) text: Frank washes his hands in the men’s room. Comes out and past Russell on a pay phone. 83 He can’t be sure but it seems Russell maybe stops talking to whoever he’s talking to until Frank is out of earshot. He joins Irene and Carrie at a table.
176) 0) text: Waiters sets down plates of prime rib in front of - Russell, Angelo Bruno, Tony Salerno and Tony Pro and their wives at one table. Skinny and other mid-level Philly guys and their wives at another. Frank's wife Irene and his four grown daughters at another table with Jimmy’s wife Jo and theirs, Barbara and James P. Hoffa, and foster son Chuckie - Irene and Jo marveling at how big each others’ kids have gotten. Russell and Salerno regard Jimmy cutting into his prime rib on the dais next to Frank.
186) 0) text: Carrie and Irene sit alone at the best table in the restaurant, sipping cocktails and smoking like you used to be able to do.
198) 0) text: Teamster lawyer Bill Bufalino - who represented Frank against the meat packing company long ago - and Hoffa in Nashville - escorts his daughter down the aisle. The church is packed with friends and relatives of the bride and groom, union and mob guys, Russell and Carrie with Frank and Irene. Frank just stares straight ahead.
199) 3) dialog: You haven’t called her yet? Frank shakes his head no. Irene turns back to the TV report. Peggy doesn’t. She studies her father.