75) 0) text: Frank is seated with JOEY GLIMCO, head of the Chicago taxicab drivers union. 38 They are seated on a white tile counter draped in towels. Glimco is smoking a fat cigar in the steam-filled room.
75) 1) dialog: You’re only here because Jimmy’s getting screwed. It’s the Seafarers Union trying to sign up the same non-union cab drivers we are. Lesbians, a lot of them, for some reason.
76) 1) dialog: This is what we have to deal with, how to get these drivers to join us rather than Paul Hall’s union. He’s bullshitting people that he can get a better contract than Jimmy. Frank walks over to the woman’s cab, opens the door and hot-wires
77) 1) dialog: You understand, you’re here because nobody knows you or what the fuck you're doing.
77) 3) dialog: Jimmy has Daley’s cops’ okay on this. They won’t help us push but they’1l make sure nobody stops us.
77) 4) dialog: This is a lot of work.
78) 0) text: The trunk of a car opens revealing boxes of dynamite. Joey and Frank carry the boxes to a back door of a cab garage, held open by another man.
80) 0) text: Frank and Joey Glimco approach a fruit stand.
80) 1) dialog: One thing about Jimmy, never make him wait. You have a meeting with him, get there on time. Get there early. I can’t stress this enough. He goes by time. Joey taps at some watermelons.
80) 3) dialog: The other thing about him is he doesn’t drink. Imagine that? He’s the head of all the truck drivers in the world and don’t drink. He won’t even let you drink around him. He calls it idiot juice.
81) 0) text: As Joey carefully cuts a hole in a watermelon, Frank checks his watch.
81) 1) dialog: The other thing about him - he doesn’t like watermelon. Joey pours a fifth of rum into the hole in the watermelon 40
82) 0) text: They sip from bottles of ginger ale - Joey, Frank and Jimmy Hoffa - but only two of them are eating the sliced- up spiked watermelon.
82) 1) dialog: (excited) You shoulda seen them sink right in the water. One after the other. I’‘1l bet this morning, when they went looking for their cabs, they didn’t know what hit them.
82) 3) dialog: It wasn’t my idea. It was Frank. Hoffa looks at Frank, impressed.
82) 5) dialog: He just took over the pier. They did exactly what he said. (gobbles up watermelon slice) I never seen a guy walk through a crowd like he does and he doesn’t touch a single person! I’m not kidding. I swear. Guys who didn’t even know him, never saw him before in their lives, still got out of his way. I’m telling you it was like “the parting of the waves” - like Moses! Hoffa looks over at a clearly mortified Frank listening to Glimco’s excessive praise.
82) 7) dialog: Yeah. We still got some dribs and drabs. Glimco hands Frank a slice of rum-laced watermelon. 4l
83) 0) text: Joey has left. It’s just Jimmy and Frank now. Jimmy in pajamas and slippers. (Frank, still fully clothed, stands near a utility rolling cot.)
159) 0) text: It's 4:00 am. Umberto’s Clam House is the only place open this late. Crazy Joey’s Lincoln pulls up in front. He climbs out with his wife Sina, her 12-year-old daughter Lisa, his sister, and his bodyguard.