9) 0) text: “SKINNY RAZOR” swiftly runs his razor across a squawking chicken’s neck that gushes blood. Skinny then dumps the fluttering chicken head-first into a metal funnel to let it bleed out while grabbing his next victim.
11) 4) text: Frank's POV of Johnny talking to Skinny and gesturing for Frank to come over.
12) 0) text: Frank and Johnny standing at Skinny’s table.
12) 2) dialog: You got something for me?
12) 4) dialog: I own the joint don’t I?
12) 6) dialog: That’s what I hear.
12) 8) dialog: Have a drink. As the bartender serves drinks, Skinny toasts the group.
17) 0) text: Skinny watches guys carry five hindquarters into the back of the Friendly Lounge as he pays Frank cash. After the delivery is done and Skinny goes inside, Frank puts the seal on the truck door’s lock.
21) 0) text: Frank and Johnny and drivers at the bar with Christmas decorations. Skinny and mob friends eating Frank’s stolen steak. Skinny waves Frank over to the table.
21) 1) dialog: Delicious.
21) 3) dialog: Then keep’em coming, Frank.
26) 0) text: ANGELO BRUNO, humble-looking and simply dressed is seated at a table with Skinny Razor when Frank and Bill Bufalino walk in. Skinny whispers something to Bruno.
27) 0) text: Frank sees Russell Bufalino being seated at Angelo Bruno's table. Skinny Razor is gone. Bruno rises as Russell kisses Bruno’s cheek. Frank sees there are empty tables on either side of the Bruno table despite the restaurant being full with diners waiting. 15
28) 0) text: Dinner’s over. Russell has joined Bill, Frank and Skinny Razor for coffee and anisette at Bill Bufalino’s table. Bill and Skinny Razor are talking about Skinny ducking a subpoena.
38) 4) dialog: Where’s the money?
38) 6) dialog: Don’t tell me, let me guess. His mother died and the funeral set him back.
38) 8) dialog: His fuckin mother’s been dying over and over for ten years. Don’t leave. Skinny scampers back into the house and reemerges a moment later with a paper bag in his hand.
38) 9) dialog: Don’t use it. Just show it to him. Skinny sets the bag on the passenger seat and trots back to his house. Frank sees a gun in the bag and drives off.
39) 0) text: Skinny regards the guy standing before him.
39) 1) dialog: Tomorrow.
39) 3) dialog: Here.
39) 5) dialog: What.
39) 7) dialog: Take a fuckin bus, get out of here. The deadbeat leaves. 22 INT. FRANK & MARY’S HOUSE - EVENING - 1958 Frank comes in to find Mary cooking and his daughter Peggy sulking.
44) 0) text: Frank and Mary's daughter, DOLORES, is being baptized. Unlike the last time, there are a lot of attendees - mobsters from Downtown including Russell, Carrie, Bill Bufalino, his wife, Johnny the trucker, Skinny Razor and other assorted blue collar truckers and part time hoods. Peggy watches her father, all she sees is the image of her father’s heel crushing a hand.
55) 0) text: As he comes out and walks toward his car, he sees Skinny standing next to his own, and stops.
55) 1) dialog: Angelo wants to see you. Frank jumps in Skinny’s car.
56) 0) text: Skinny leads Frank into the restaurant. Empty except for Angelo, Russell and Phil the bartender. Phil closes the door as they walk in. The door snaps as he locks it. He puts the closed sign up.
71) 0) text: Russell and Skinny Razor are lingering at one end of the bar. Frank is sitting on his own at a table having a glass of wine. Russell is checking his watch. The bar phone rings.
71) 2) dialog: (into the phone) Skinny. (listening) How you doing? Good. And the family? Yeah, we’re all good. Knock wood. Oh yeah, Angelo’s fine. He got a good physical with the doctor last week. He’s in the pink. Knock wood again. Let me give McGee the phone. You take care of yourself, you hear. Skinny hands the phone to Russell. But Russell doesn’t talk into it he walks the phone over to Frank’s table and sits down. He puts an envelope on the table.
146) 0) text: Frank, Skinny, Russell and the rest of the regulars are watching Ramsey Clark questioned by a Senator on the bar TV.
176) 0) text: Waiters sets down plates of prime rib in front of - Russell, Angelo Bruno, Tony Salerno and Tony Pro and their wives at one table. Skinny and other mid-level Philly guys and their wives at another. Frank's wife Irene and his four grown daughters at another table with Jimmy’s wife Jo and theirs, Barbara and James P. Hoffa, and foster son Chuckie - Irene and Jo marveling at how big each others’ kids have gotten. Russell and Salerno regard Jimmy cutting into his prime rib on the dais next to Frank.